 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 20-F
(Mark One)
☐ Registration statement pursuant to Section 12(b) or (g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
OR
☒ Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023
OR
☐ Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
For the transition period from __________ to _________
OR
☐ Shell Company Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Date of event requiring this shell company report________
Commission File Number 001-35754
INFOSYS LIMITED
(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
Not Applicable
(Translation of Registrant’s name into English)
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India
(Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 560 100. +91-80-2852-0261
(Address of principal executive offices)
Nilanjan Roy, Chief Financial Officer, +91-80-4116-7931
nilanjan.roy@infosys.com
Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 560 100.
(Name, telephone, e-mail and / or facsimile number and address of company contact person)
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
American Depositary Shares each represented
by one Equity Share, par value ₹5/- per shareINFY New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None.
(Title of class)
Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act:
Not Applicable
(Title of class)
Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the Annual 
Report: 4,148,560,044 Equity Shares.
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes ☒ No ☐
If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing 
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data file required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of 
Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or an emerging growth company. See 
definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:
Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐
Non- accelerated filer ☐ Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not 
to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the 
Exchange Act. ☐
The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards 
Codification after April 5, 2012.
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control 
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued 
its audit report. ☒ 
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing 
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received 
by any of the registrant’s executive o￿cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:
U.S. GAAP ☐ International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ☒ Other ☐
If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒
Auditor ID:                                       Auditor Name:                                   Auditor Location:
01180                                       Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP                                                Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 
Currency of presentation and certain defined terms
In this Annual Report on Form 20-F, references to “U.S.” or “United States” are to the United States of America, its 
territories and its possessions. References to “India” are to the Republic of India. References to “$” or “dollars” or 
“U.S. dollars” are to the legal currency of the United States and references to “₹” or “Rupees” or “Indian rupees” are 
to the legal currency of India. Our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars and are prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (“IASB”). References to a particular “fiscal” year are to our fiscal year ended March 31 of such year.
All references to “we,” “us,” “our,” “Infosys,” “Company” or the “Group” shall mean Infosys Limited and our 
consolidated subsidiaries unless specifically indicated otherwise or the context indicates otherwise. “Infosys” is a 
registered trademark of Infosys Limited in countries including United States, India, United Kingdom and Australia. 
All trademarks or trade names used in this Annual Report on Form 20-F are the property of their respective owners.
All references to “IT services” exclude business process management services, products and platforms business.
Except as otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 20-F, all translations from Indian rupees to U.S. dollars are 
based on the fixing rate in the city of Mumbai on business days for cable transfers in Indian rupees as published by 
the Foreign Exchange Dealers’ Association of India (“FEDAI”).
On March 31, 2023, this exchange rate was ₹82.17 per $1.00. No representation is made that the Indian rupee amounts 
have been, could have been or could be converted into U.S. dollars at such a rate or any other rate. Any discrepancies 
in any table between totals and sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding off.
Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 20-F contains ‘forward-looking statements’ within the meaning of Section 27A of the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended (the “Exchange Act”), that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements 
generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance and that are based on our current 
expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about the Company, our industry, economic conditions in the 
markets in which we operate, and certain other matters. Generally, these forward-looking statements can be identified 
by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ‘may’, ‘anticipate’, ‘believe’, ‘estimate’, ‘expect’, ‘continue’, 
‘intend’, ‘will’, ‘project’, ‘seek’, ‘could’, ‘would’, ‘should’ and similar expressions. Those statements include, among 
other things, statements regarding the execution of our business strategy, our ability to attract and retain personnel, 
our transition to hybrid work model, economic uncertainties, technological innovations such as Generative AI, the 
complex and evolving regulatory landscape including immigration regulation changes, our ESG vision, our capital 
allocation policy and expectations concerning our market position, future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity, 
capital resources, and our corporate actions including acquisitions. These statements are subject to known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from 
those implied by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that may cause actual results or outcomes to differ 
from those implied by the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the ‘Risk 
Factors’ section in this Annual Report on Form 20-F. In light of these and other uncertainties, you should not conclude 
that the results or outcomes referred to in any of the forward-looking statements will be achieved. All forward-looking 
statements included in this Annual Report on Form 20-F are based on information and estimates available to us on the 
date hereof, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements unless required to do 
so by law. 
Table of Contents
 
Part I
Item 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers
Item 2. Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable
Item 3. Key Information
Item 4. Information on the Company
Item 4A. Unresolved Staff Comments
Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees
Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
Item 8. Financial Information
Item 9. The Offer and Listing
Item 10. Additional Information
Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Item 12. Description of Securities Other than Equity Securities
Part II
Item 13. Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies
Item 14. Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds
Item 15. Controls and Procedures
Item 16A. Audit Committee Financial Expert
Item 16B. Code of Ethics
Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Item 16D. Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees
Item 16E. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
Item 16F. Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant
Item 16G. Corporate Governance
Item 16H. Mine Safety Disclosure
Item 16I. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Item 16J. Insider trading policies
Part III
Item 17. Financial Statements
Item 18. Financial Statements
Item 19. Exhibits
  
Part I
Item 1. Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers
Not applicable.
Item 2. Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable
Not applicable.
Item 3. Key Information
Risk Factors
Investing in our ADSs, involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties 
described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 20-F, including the section 
titled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our 
consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our ADSs. If any of the risks 
actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. In 
that event, the market price of our equity shares and ADSs could decline, and you could lose part or all of your 
investment. Our business, results of operations, financial performance, or prospects could also be harmed by risks 
and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material.
Our revenues are difficult to predict and can vary significantly from period-to-period, which could cause our share 
price to decline. Therefore, period-to-period comparisons of the results of our operations should not be relied upon 
as an indication of our future performance. It is possible that in the future, our results of operations may be below the 
expectations of market analysts and our investors or our own guidance, which could cause the price of our equity 
shares and our ADSs to decline.
Outlined below are some of the risks that could cause our revenues and profitability to fluctuate. While the summary 
below provides an indication of the risks that we face, readers should read the detailed risk factors that follow 
immediately, for a deeper understanding of the risk factor, steps taken by the organization to mitigate them and the 
potential consequential impact on our business, profitability, growth and reputation.
I.    Risks related to the markets in which we and our clients operate
a. Spending on technology products and services by our clients and prospective clients fluctuates 
depending on many factors, including the economic, geo-political, monetary, and fiscal policies, 
and regulatory environment in the markets in which they operate.
b. An economic slowdown or other factors may affect the economic health of the United States, the 
United Kingdom, the European Union (“EU”), Australia or those industries where our revenues are 
concentrated.
c. Our clients may be the subject of economic or other sanctions by governments and regulators in 
key geographies that we operate in, limiting our ability to grow these relationships, and risking 
increased penalties and exposure of our business to consequential sanctions.
d. A large part of our revenues is dependent on a limited number of our clients, and the loss of any 
one of our major clients could significantly impact our business.
e. Financial stability of our clients may be affected owing to several factors such as demand and supply 
challenges, currency fluctuations, regulatory sanctions, geo-political conflicts and other 
macroeconomic conditions which may adversely impact our ability to recover fees for the services 
rendered to them.
f. Intense competition in the market for technology services could affect our win rates and pricing, 
which could reduce our market share and decrease our revenues and profits. 
g. Restrictions on visas, cost increases in obtaining such visas, increases in required minimum wage 
levels for visa dependent employees, inordinate delays in obtaining visas due to the pandemic and/ 
or increased enforcement in different countries may affect our ability to compete for, and provide 
services to clients in work location countries, which could adversely affect our business, results of 
operations, and financial condition.
II.    Risks related to the investments we make for our growth
a. Our business will suffer if we fail to anticipate and develop new services and enhance existing 
services in order to keep pace with rapid changes in technology and in the industries on which we 
focus.
b. We may engage in acquisitions, strategic investments, strategic partnerships or alliances or other 
ventures that may or may not be successful.
 
III.    Risks related to our cost structure
a. Our expenses are difficult to predict and can vary significantly from period to period, which could 
cause fluctuations to our profitability.
b. Any inability to manage our growth could disrupt our business, reduce our profitability and 
adversely impact our ability to implement our growth strategy.
c. We are investing substantial cash in creating physical and technological infrastructure, and our 
profitability could be reduced if our business does not grow proportionately.
d. Wage pressures and the hiring of employees and sub-contractors either outside or in India may 
prevent us from sustaining some of our competitive advantage and may reduce our profits.
e. Currency fluctuations and changes in interest rates may affect the results of our operations and yield 
on cash balances.
 
IV.    Risks related to our employee workforce
a. Our success depends largely upon our highly skilled technology professionals and our ability to 
hire, attract, motivate, retain and train these personnel.
 
V.    Risks related to our contractual obligations
a. Our failure to complete fixed-price and fixed-timeframe contracts, or transaction-based pricing 
contracts, within budget and on time, may negatively affect our profitability.
b. Our client contracts are often conditional upon our performance, which, if unsatisfactory, could 
result in lower revenues than previously anticipated.
c. Our work with governmental agencies may expose us to additional risks.
d. Our inability to execute contracts and / or amendments with clients on a timely basis can impact 
our revenues and profits, causing fluctuations in our reported results.
 
VI.    Risks related to our operations
a. Our transition to a hybrid working model may expose us to various risks. 
b. Our reputation could be at risk and we may be liable to our clients or to regulators for damages 
caused by inadvertent disclosure of confidential information and sensitive data.
c. Our reputation could be at risk and we may be liable to our clients for damages caused by 
cybersecurity incidents.
d. Our reputation may be impacted, and we may incur financial liabilities if privacy breaches and 
incidents under General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) adopted by the EU or other data 
privacy regulations across the globe are attributed to us or if we are not able to take necessary steps 
to report such breaches and incidents to regulators and data subjects, wherever applicable, within  
the stipulated time. Further, any claim from our clients for losses suffered by them due to privacy 
breaches caused by our employees may impact us financially and affect our reputation. 
e. The markets in which we operate are subject to the risk of earthquakes, floods, tsunamis, storms, 
pandemics and other disasters.
f. The safety of our employees, assets and infrastructure may be affected by untoward incidents 
beyond our control, impacting business continuity or reputation.
g. Our reputation, access to capital and longer-term financial stability could be at risk if we are unable 
to meet our stated goals under our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 2030 vision.
 
VII.    Risks related to legislation and regulatory compliance
a. We have experienced and may continue to experience, a shortage in the supply of IT workers, which 
could increase due to enactment of restrictive legislations and regulations on immigration in certain 
geographies which would adversely affect our business.
b. New and changing regulatory compliance, corporate governance and public disclosure requirements 
add uncertainty to our compliance policies and increase our costs of compliance.
c. The intellectual property laws of India may not give sufficient protection to software and the related 
intellectual property rights to the same extent as those in the United States. We may be unsuccessful 
in protecting our intellectual property rights. We may also be subject to third party claims of 
intellectual property infringement.
 
VIII.    Risks related to the ADSs
a. The price of our ADSs and the U.S. dollar value of any dividends we declare may be negatively 
affected by fluctuations in the U.S. dollar to Indian rupee exchange rate. 
b. ADS holders may be restricted in their ability to exercise voting rights.
c. ADS holders may be restricted in their ability to participate in a buy-back of shares offered by us.
d. The reintroduction of dividend distribution tax rate or introduction of new forms of taxes on 
distribution of profits or changes to the basis of application of these taxes and/or changes to Buyback 
regulations could adversely affect the returns to our shareholders.
 
I.    Risks related to the markets in which we and our clients operate
Spending on technology products and services by our clients and prospective clients fluctuates depending on many 
factors, including the economic, geo-political, monetary and fiscal policies and regulatory environment in the 
markets in which they operate.
The technology and IT budgets of our clients are frequently impacted by economic slowdowns, geopolitical conflicts 
or uncertainties in the markets in which they operate. Resulting reductions in IT spending have in the past adversely 
impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our revenues, gross profits, operating margins and results of 
operations.
Increased regulation, changes in existing regulation or increased government intervention or sanctions in the industries 
in which our clients operate or economic uncertainty due to inflation and potential global slowdown may adversely 
affect the growth of their respective businesses and may reduce demand for our services or cause us to incur additional 
costs in our processes or personnel, thereby negatively affecting our business, results of operations and financial 
condition. For instance, clients in the financial services sector have been subject to increased regulation following the 
enactment of, and subsequent amendments to, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in 
the United States. Similarly, our clients may be subject to stringent compliance requirements, including industry 
specific compliance, privacy and security standards for handling data, which could impact the manner in which we 
provide our services. 
Further, regulators have imposed guidelines for the use of cloud computing services that mandate specific controls or 
require financial services enterprises to obtain regulatory approval prior to outsourcing certain functions. Regulators 
across the world may regulate emerging technologies by setting boundaries or banning their use. Evolving regulatory 
frameworks may impact revenue and profitability of our technology sector clients who invest in such emerging 
technologies and anticipate deriving revenue from such emerging technologies. Reduced or delayed IT spending may 
also lead to our clients cancelling ongoing projects with us, requesting pricing discounts, seeking extended payment 
terms or consolidating the technology service providers that they partner with. In the past such events have adversely 
impacted our utilization rates, the revenue earned per billed person month, the competitiveness of our proposals, our 
gross margins and our cash flows.
Macroeconomic uncertainties and geopolitical conflicts have in the past, and may in the future, lead to an increase in 
consumer and wage inflation, energy prices, interest rates, and currency fluctuations thus impacting revenue and 
profitability of some of our clients. For example, some of our clients shut down their operations in Russia due to the 
conflict in Eastern Europe. As a result, clients may become cautious and reduce their discretionary spending in the 
short term or delay their decision-making process with respect to their contracts, thereby affecting our revenue. Clients 
looking to optimize costs may prioritize cost takeout projects, and we may need to alter our offerings, talent mobility 
and marketing efforts to capture these opportunities. Any geopolitical conflict may impact our ability to service our 
global clients if we are unable to move our operations out of conflict zones in a timely manner or our cost of operations 
increases as our work is moved to an alternate location. Geopolitical conflicts may impact our clients’ business that 
are spread across the conflicting geographies. Such conflicts may lead to clients prioritizing budgets for investments 
to decouple from geopolitical conflicts zones. Such investments could lead to a reduction in discretionary investments 
by our clients in technology services thus impacting our revenue and profitability. Some of our clients in the banking 
sector could be impacted by the recent banking crisis. 
Additionally, any sudden resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic in the geographies where we have significant 
exposure or our clients have exposure or where a majority of our employees are located may impact our revenues and 
profitability.
An economic slowdown or other factors may affect the economic health of the United States, the United Kingdom, 
the European Union (“EU”), Australia or those industries where our revenues are concentrated.
Our revenues are concentrated in a few geographies and client industry segments. In fiscal 2023, 61.8%, 25.7% and 
9.9% of our revenues were derived from projects in North America, Europe and the rest of the world, respectively. In 
fiscal 2023, we derived 29.8% of our revenues from the financial services and insurance industry.
Instability and uneven growth in the global economy has had an adverse impact on the growth of the IT industry in 
the past and may continue to impact it in the future. This instability also impacts our business and results of operations 
and may continue to do so in the future. For instance, if the economies of the United States, United Kingdom or the 
EU weaken or if their growth remains uneven, our clients may reduce or postpone their technology spending 
significantly, which may in turn lower the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability. 
Some factors that may affect our clients’ businesses include supply chain issues, labor shortages, inflation, or other 
macroeconomic factors. 
Any future global economic uncertainty, arising out of various factors including any global pandemic or geopolitical 
conflicts impacting the financial services industry, retail, consumer goods, energy and manufacturing on which we 
depend for a substantial portion of our annual revenues, may result in the reduction, postponement or consolidation 
of IT spending, contract terminations, deferrals of projects or delays in purchases by our clients. This may lower the 
demand for our services or impact the prices that we can obtain for our services and consequently, adversely affect 
our revenues and profitability. For instance, the financial services industry was severely impacted by the economic 
crisis that started in 2008 in the United States, which led to the United States federal government taking over or 
providing financial support to many leading financial institutions and with some leading investment banks going 
bankrupt or being forced to sell themselves in distressed circumstances. Similarly, the recent banking crisis may 
impact the financial stability of some of our customers, which may, in turn, impact our revenues and profitability.
We also depend on clients in the energy sector to generate our revenues. Any impact in the energy sector due to oil 
price volatility such as the volatility caused by the conflict in Eastern Europe which is leading to the suspension or  
closure of operations in those geographies by our clients, may lead to economic pressure on our clients and in turn 
impact our revenues and profitability.
Our clients may operate in sectors which are adversely impacted by climate change which could consequently 
impact our business and reputation.
There is increased concern and awareness of risks resulting from climate change across industry sectors in which our 
clients operate. Our current or future clients in affected sectors may need to transition from climate impacting solutions 
to climate friendly solutions, resulting in transition or investment risks to their businesses. For instance, our clients in 
mining and oil exploration related businesses may face severe financial stress due to investments in climate friendly 
solutions. This in turn may impede our ability to grow due to our exposure to such sectors. In addition, any societal 
pressure or adverse media publicity against companies that are using/implementing climate impacting solutions may 
consequentially affect our reputation if we are a significant service provider to such clients.
 
Restrictions on visas, cost increases in obtaining such visas, increases in required minimum wage levels for visa 
dependent employees, inordinate delays in obtaining visas due to the pandemic and/ or increased enforcement in 
different countries may affect our ability to compete for, and provide services to clients in work location countries, 
which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
A portion of our employees in the United States, United Kingdom, the EU, and other countries/ regions rely on work 
visas and permits, which makes our business vulnerable to changes and variations in immigration laws, including 
policy changes to the way in which laws are interpreted and/ or enforced, and potential enforcement actions and 
penalties that might cause us to lose access to such visas. We are subject to numerous, and sometimes conflicting, 
legal requirements. 
Overall, increased and changing requirements may result in impact on mobility programs, as well as increased costs 
due to greater, more complex internal operations to meet varying compliance obligations. Recent changes or any 
additional adverse revisions to immigration laws and regulations or inordinate delays in getting visas due to pandemic 
induced operational challenges in the jurisdictions in which we operate have in the past caused and may continue to 
cause us delays, staffing shortages, additional costs, and/ or an inability to bid for or fulfill projects for clients, any of 
which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Our clients may be the subject of economic or other sanctions by governments and regulators in key geographies 
that we operate in, limiting our ability to grow these relationships, and risking increased penalties and exposure of 
our business to consequential sanctions.
We engage with clients that operate in various geographies and sectors, including in conflict zones or in highly 
regulated sectors. Sanctions may be enforced on them, their investors or their key managerial personnel either before 
they become our clients or during the course of our work with them. While we take reasonable precautions to determine 
if a potential client is on a sanctioned list, our ability to screen and ensure we do not enter into contract with any such 
clients depends on the data available in the public domain or third-party databases on sanctioned entities or personnel. 
If a client is subject to sanctions during the course of our work with them, such engagements may expose us to 
consequential sanctions, administrative action or loss of any government contracts or engagements.
A large part of our revenues is dependent on a limited number of our clients, and the loss of any one of our major 
clients could significantly impact our business.
We have historically earned and believe that in the future we will continue to earn, a significant portion of our revenues 
from a limited number of clients. In fiscal 2023, our five largest clients together accounted for 12.7% of our total 
revenues, and our ten largest clients together accounted for 20.2% of our total revenues. The volume of work we 
perform for different clients may vary from year to year depending on the discretion of our clients. Thus, a major 
client in one year may not provide the same level of revenues in a subsequent year. There are a number of factors, 
other than our performance, that could cause the loss of a client or reduction of business from a client. In certain cases, 
our business may be impacted when a large client either changes its outsourcing strategy by moving more work in-
house or replacing its existing software with packaged software supported by the licensor. Reduced technology  
spending in response to a challenging geopolitical, economic or competitive environment may also result in the loss 
of a client’s business in part or in full. If we lose one of our major clients or if one of our major clients significantly 
reduces its volume of business with us, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected.
Financial stability of our clients may be affected owing to several factors such as demand and supply challenges, 
currency fluctuations, regulatory sanctions, geo-political conflicts and other macroeconomic conditions which may 
adversely impact our ability to recover fees for the services rendered to them.
Our clients face business challenges and pressures due to several factors that could affect their ability to pay their 
vendors on time and result in a downward revision of their credit ratings and their ability to raise funds. Any such 
downgrading of their credit rating could adversely affect our credit terms with such clients, leading to adverse impact 
on our cash flow and results of operations. While we take precautions to evaluate a client’s credit risks before we 
onboard them, any sudden variation in the financial health of our clients owing to macroeconomic conditions, 
including volatility in the banking sector, geo-political conflicts or other global challenges may adversely affect our 
ability to recover the fees for the services rendered to our clients. Some of our clients may be impacted by the banking 
crisis if they have any financial exposure to the affected banks. Any adverse change in India’s debt rating or our credit 
rating by international or domestic rating agencies could also negatively impact our business and profitability. 
Outbreaks of contagious diseases, viruses or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could disrupt our 
business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
Outbreaks of contagious diseases, viruses, or pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and related mitigation 
efforts have disrupted, and may in the future disrupt, our business. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 
pandemic, or any future pandemic or outbreak of disease, on our business will depend on factors that are highly 
uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as the availability of effective vaccines, regulatory actions impacting our 
business and our clients, and changes to consumer behavior or spending patterns. We may also be adversely affected 
as a result of the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic or any other future outbreak of disease could have on our third-
party providers. To the extent the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or a similar public health threat has an impact on our 
business, it is likely to also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” 
section. 
We may not be able to provide end-to-end business solutions for our clients, which could lead to clients 
discontinuing their work with us, which in turn could harm our business.
In recent years, we have been expanding the nature and scope of our client engagements by extending the breadth of 
solutions and services that we offer, which include, for example, software applications, automation solutions, digital 
design and analytics services, engineering services, cloud related services, application development and maintenance, 
consulting, BPM, systems integration and security and infrastructure management. If we fail to anticipate and develop 
new offerings utilizing emerging technologies, such as Artificial Intelligence (“AI”) based automation, Generative AI, 
cloud, robotic process automation, blockchain, IoT, and autonomous vehicles, or enhance existing offerings to keep 
pace with rapid changes in technology and in the industries on which we focus, our business, financial condition and 
results of operations may be adversely affected.
The increased breadth of our service offerings may result in larger and more complex client projects. This will require 
us to establish closer relationships with our clients and potentially with other technology service providers and vendors 
and require a more thorough understanding of our clients’ operations. Our ability to establish these relationships will 
depend on a number of factors including the proficiency of our technology professionals and our management 
personnel. Thus, if we are unable to attain a thorough understanding of our clients’ operations, our service offerings 
may not effectively meet client needs and jeopardize our client engagements, which may negatively impact our 
revenues and financial condition.
Larger projects often involve multiple components, engagements or stages, and a client may choose not to retain us 
for additional stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements for various reasons unrelated to the 
quality of our services and outside of our control, such as the business or financial condition of our clients or the 
economy in general or geo-political conflicts such as the one in Eastern Europe. These terminations, cancellations or 
delays may make it difficult to plan for project resource requirements, which may have a negative impact on our  
profitability. Our ability to service our global clients in certain geographies might be impacted due to geo-political 
conflicts such as the one in Eastern Europe leading to client dissatisfaction, loss of future business, termination of 
contracts and litigations.
Additionally, the business departments of our clients are increasingly making or influencing technology-related buying 
decisions. If we are unable to establish business relationships with these new buying centers, or if we are unable to 
articulate the value of our technology services to these business functions, our revenues may be adversely impacted.
Intense competition in the market for technology services could affect our win rates and pricing, which could 
reduce our market share and decrease our revenues and profits.
Our revenues and profits depend, in part, upon the continued demand for our services by our existing and new clients 
and our ability to meet this demand in a competitive and cost-effective manner. The technology services market is 
highly competitive. Our competitors include large global consulting firms, India-based technology services firms, 
software and solution providers, niche service providers and in-house IT departments and captive centers of large 
corporations.
The technology services industry is experiencing rapid changes that are affecting the competitive landscape, including 
recent divestitures and acquisitions that have resulted in consolidation within the industry. These changes may result 
in larger competitors with significant resources or competitors with more competitive service offerings in emerging 
areas of demand, such as digital design, cloud-based solutions and cybersecurity. In addition, some of our competitors 
have added offshore capabilities to their service offerings. These competitors may be able to offer their services using 
the offshore and onsite model more efficiently. Many of these competitors are also substantially larger than us and 
have significant experience with international operations. We may face competition in countries where we currently 
operate, as well as in countries in which we expect to expand our operations. We also expect additional competition 
from consulting, technology services and outsourcing firms with current operations in other countries, such as Eastern 
Europe, China and the Philippines. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical and 
marketing resources, generate greater revenues, have more extensive existing client relationships and technology 
partnerships, greater brand recognition and greater ability to hire key technology and management talent than we do. 
We may be unable to compete successfully against these competitors or may lose clients to these competitors. 
Additionally, our ability to compete effectively also depends in part on factors outside our control, such as the price 
at which our competitors offer comparable services, and the extent of our competitors’ responsiveness to their clients’ 
needs. If we lose clients, fail to attract new clients, or are forced to make pricing concessions as a result of our inability 
to differentiate our services, commoditization or increased competition, our business, financial condition and results 
of operations may be adversely affected. 
Moreover, our ability to maintain or increase pricing is restricted as clients often expect that as we do more business 
with them, they will receive efficiency gains, volume discounts or lower rates. This may impact our ability to pass on 
any increases in our costs to the clients. In addition, existing and new clients are also increasingly using third-party 
consultants with broad market knowledge to assist them in negotiating contractual terms. Any inability to maintain or 
increase pricing may also adversely impact our revenues, gross profit, operating margin and results of operations. 
Further macro-economic uncertainties may have an adverse impact on our ability to increase pricing for our services 
and may lead certain clients to negotiate their existing contracts with us.
Our clients may decide to increase their in-house IT capabilities and/or control of their technology investments by 
setting up or expanding their own captive centers in India or other locations such as Eastern Europe, Latin America 
and South-east Asia. While this presents opportunities for us to partner with our clients, such centers may also result 
in erosion of some addressable market and/or increasing pricing pressures for our business.
Our engagements with clients are typically singular in nature and do not necessarily provide for subsequent 
engagements.
Our clients generally retain us on a short-term, engagement-by-engagement basis in connection with specific projects, 
rather than on a recurring basis under long-term contracts. Although a substantial majority of our revenues are 
generated from repeat business, which we define as revenues from a client who also contributed to our revenues during 
the prior fiscal year, our engagements with our clients are typically for projects that are singular in nature. Therefore,  
we must seek out new engagements when our current engagements are successfully completed or terminated, and we 
are constantly seeking to expand our business with existing clients and secure new clients for our services.
In addition, in order to continue expanding our business, we may need to significantly expand our sales and marketing 
group, which would increase our expenses and may not necessarily result in a substantial increase in business. If we 
are unable to generate a substantial number of new engagements for projects on a continual basis, our business and 
results of operations would likely be adversely affected. Additionally, macroeconomic uncertainties and geopolitical 
conflicts may lead to clients re-evaluating their spending, which may lead them to decide not to extend or renew their 
business with us. 
II.    Risks related to the investments we make for our growth
Our business will suffer if we fail to anticipate and develop new services and enhance existing services in order to 
keep pace with rapid changes in technology and in the industries on which we focus.
The technology services market is characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, changing 
client preferences and new product and service introductions. Our future success will depend on our ability to 
anticipate these advances and develop new product and service offerings to meet client needs. We may fail to anticipate 
or respond to these advances on a timely basis, or, if we do respond, the services or technologies that we develop may 
not be successful in the marketplace. We have recently introduced, and propose to introduce, several new solutions 
involving Generative AI, cloud, AI-based automation, robotic process automation, blockchain, IoT, autonomous 
vehicles and other technologies. Our inability to identify any future changes or disruptions in the technology space, 
inability to develop services around them, tailor our go to market strategy to take these services to our global customers 
ahead of competition and enhance our delivery capabilities to execute these services may impact our competitive 
positioning, market share and revenues. In addition, the development of some of these services and technologies may 
involve significant upfront investments and the failure of these services and technologies may result in our inability 
to recoup some or all of these investments. If we are not able to identify and timely retire any new services that are 
not succeeding as per expectations, we may incur additional losses in our investment. Further, more competitively 
priced or attractive products, services or technologies that are developed by our competitors may render our services 
non-competitive or obsolete.
Evolving regulatory frameworks in the technology sector may impact our new service offerings and may require us 
to make additional investments to align our service offerings with regulatory standards.
Additionally, macroeconomic uncertainties and any economic downturn may cause us to reduce our expenditure on 
ideating, incubating, developing and marketing new service offerings, which may affect our long-term growth 
prospects.
We may be unable to recoup investment costs incurred in developing our software products and platforms.
The development of our software products and platforms requires significant investments. The markets for our suite 
of software products and platforms are competitive. Our current software products and platforms or any new software 
products and platforms that we develop may not be commercially successful and the costs of developing such new 
software products and platforms may not be recouped. Since software product and platform revenues typically occur 
in periods subsequent to the periods in which the costs are incurred for the development of such software products 
and platforms, delayed revenues may cause periodic fluctuations in our results of operations.
We may engage in acquisitions, strategic investments, strategic partnerships or alliances or other ventures that may 
or may not be successful.
We have in the past, and may in the future, seek to acquire or make strategic investments in complementary businesses, 
new and emerging technologies, services or products, or enter into strategic partnerships or alliances with third parties 
in order to enhance our business.
It is possible that we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition targets, candidates for strategic investment or 
strategic partnerships, or if we do identify suitable targets, we may not complete those transactions on terms  
commercially acceptable to us. Our inability to identify suitable acquisition targets or investments or our inability to 
complete such transactions may affect our competitiveness and growth prospects.
Even if we are able to identify an acquisition that we would like to consummate, we may not be able to complete the 
acquisition on commercially reasonable terms or the target may be acquired by another company. Furthermore, in the 
event that we are able to identify and consummate any future acquisitions, we could:
•issue equity securities which would dilute current shareholders’ percentage ownership;
•incur substantial debt;
•incur significant acquisition-related expenses;
•assume contingent liabilities; or
•expend significant cash.
These financing activities or expenditures could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition or 
the price of our equity shares and ADSs. Alternatively, due to possible difficulties in the capital and credit markets, 
we may be unable to secure capital on acceptable terms, if at all, to complete acquisitions.
The synergies that we expect from our acquisitions may not materialize as intended for many reasons, including due 
to inadequate business alignment or if assumptions made at the time of acquisition may not hold good due to internal 
or external factors. Moreover, even if we do obtain benefits from acquisitions in the form of increased sales and 
earnings, there may be a delay between the time when the expenses associated with an acquisition are incurred and 
the time when we recognize such benefits.
Further, if we acquire a company, we could have difficulty in assimilating that company’s personnel, operations, 
products, services, solutions, technology and software. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may 
decide not to work for us. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and 
employees and increase our expenses. 
We have made, and may in the future make, strategic investments in early-stage technology start-up companies to 
gain experience in or exploit niche technologies. However, our investments may not generate expected returns if the 
demand, supply and cash flow of these companies are adversely affected due to economic uncertainty or geopolitical 
conflicts. The lack of profitability of any of our investments could adversely affect our results of operations.
We have entered into alliances with many technology companies to enhance services offered to our clients. Most of 
the alliances are non-exclusive and alliance partners are not prevented from entering into agreements with our 
competition and/or compete against us. If we are not able to enter into alliances with new partners, it may impact our 
ability to enhance service offerings. We may not be able to obtain expected benefits if there is a reduced demand for 
services or products offered by the alliance partners which in turn may impact our revenue growth.
Goodwill that we carry on our balance sheet could give rise to significant impairment charges in the future.
Goodwill is subject to impairment review at least annually. Impairment testing under International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) may lead to impairment charges 
in the future. Any significant impairment charges could adversely affect our results of operations.
III.    Risks related to our cost structure
Our expenses are difficult to predict and can vary significantly from period to period, which could cause 
fluctuations to our profitability.
A significant part of our total operating expenses, particularly expenses related to personnel and facilities, are fixed in 
advance for any particular period. As a result, unanticipated variations in the number and timing of our projects, 
employee utilization rates, location of employee deployment, or the accuracy of our estimates of the resources required 
to complete ongoing projects or uncertain economic situations arising out of various factors may cause significant  
variations in our results of operations in any particular period. There are also a number of factors that are not within 
our control that could cause fluctuations in our results of operations from period to period. Our profitability could be 
affected by pricing pressures on our services, competition for digital capabilities, volatility of the exchange rates 
between the Indian rupee, the U.S. dollar, and other currencies in which we generate revenues or incur expenses, 
increased wage pressures in India and at other locations where we maintain operations, increases in taxes or the 
expiration of tax benefits, the size and timing of facilities expansion and the resulting depreciation and amortization 
costs, economic downturns, or changes in immigration laws, policy, and enforcement in our key markets that would 
restrict offshore outsourcing or restrict the availability of certain visas thereby limiting our ability to staff the projects 
in a timely manner and generate revenues. Further, investments towards our localization strategy and any increase in 
wages due to market pressures and/or immigration regulations would increase our cost of doing business onsite 
significantly, which would impact our profitability.
While we seek to manage costs efficiently, if the proportion of our services delivered at client sites increases, we may 
not be able to keep our operating costs as low in the future, which would also have an adverse impact on our profits. 
Additionally, we have recently opened technology and investment hubs in some of the countries in which we operate. 
Increased hiring of personnel within these hubs along with staff for enabler functions and management teams may 
increase our cost of doing business and thereby have an adverse impact on our profits. Our cost of operations is higher 
at onsite compared to offshore and hence we maintain most of our bench offshore. Due to economic uncertainties, our 
clients may decide to reduce their business with us. Our profitability may be negatively impacted if we are unable to 
eliminate fixed or committed costs in line with reduced demand. Additionally, any sudden change in demand may 
impact utilization in short term thereby impacting profits.
Our cost structure is high in initial periods of large deals due to higher onsite efforts, transition costs and other deal 
specific costs that we can incur, which can introduce volatility in our margin profile. In addition, we may acquire 
assets such as hardware, software, products, physical infrastructure, IP, etc., and / or rebadge employees as part of the 
large deals. Some of the large deals may require us to acquire such assets in the future while pricing assumptions for 
the same are decided upfront at the time of signing of the deal. In addition, we may make various other assumptions 
related to the cost structure and / or to the execution of the deal. Any changes to these assumptions due to external or 
internal factors may impact the profitability. Additionally, the competition for talent has impacted, and continues to 
impact, our wage costs. Wage increases may prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage and may negatively 
affect our profits. 
Furthermore, in the past, our profit has been adversely impacted by the expiration of certain tax holidays and benefits 
in India, and we expect that it may be further adversely affected as additional tax holidays and benefits expire in the 
future.
 
In addition, due to competitive market conditions and pricing pressures, we are committing to higher productivity 
improvements in our contracts with our clients. Any failure to realize such anticipated productivity improvements 
either due to our inability to identify areas to automate, optimize processes, effectively address service delivery risks 
or manage client requirements may impact our profitability. Any increase in operating expenses not offset by an 
increase in pricing or any acquisition with a lower profitability could impact our operating margins. Unplanned 
expenditures incurred to facilitate our hybrid working model, such as increased information security requirements, 
may adversely affect our profitability.
 
Any inability to manage our growth could disrupt our business, reduce our profitability and adversely impact our 
ability to implement our growth strategy.
Our employee base grew significantly in the recent periods. Between March 31, 2019, and March 31, 2023, our total 
employee count grew from 228,123 to 343,234 representing a compounded annualized growth rate of 10.8%.
In addition, in the last few years we have undertaken and continue to undertake major expansions of our existing 
facilities, as well as the construction of new facilities globally. We expect our growth to place significant demands on 
our management team and other resources. Our growth will require us to continuously develop and improve our 
operational, financial and other internal controls globally. Inadequate financial controls may increase the possibility 
of fraud and/or negatively impact the accuracy of our financial reporting and shareholder relationships. In addition, 
continued growth increases the challenges involved in: 
•recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skilled technical, marketing and management personnel;
•adhering to and further improving our high quality and process execution standards;
•preserving our culture, values and entrepreneurial environment;
•successfully expanding the range of services offered to our clients;
•developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, 
operational, communications and other internal systems;
•maintaining high levels of client satisfaction; and
•maintaining an effective internal control system and training our employees to mitigate the risk of 
individuals engaging in unlawful or fraudulent activity, breaching contractual obligations, or otherwise 
exposing us to unacceptable business risks.
Our growth strategy relies on expanding our operations around the world. The costs involved in entering and 
establishing ourselves in new markets, and expanding such operations, may be higher than expected and we may face 
significant competition in these regions. Our inability to manage our expansion and related growth in these markets 
or regions may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
We may face competition in other countries from companies that may have more experience with operations in such 
countries or with international operations generally. We may also face difficulties integrating new facilities in different 
countries into our existing operations.
Our organizational structures, processes and culture may not be sufficiently agile and adaptive to embrace the changes 
required to execute our strategy.
Wage pressures and the hiring of employees and sub-contractors either outside or in India may prevent us from 
sustaining some of our competitive advantage and may reduce our profits.
Wage costs in India have historically been significantly lower than wage costs in the United States and Europe for 
comparably skilled professionals, which has been one of our competitive strengths. Although a vast majority of our 
current workforce is based in India, we have recently increased and expect to continue to increase hiring in other 
jurisdictions, including the United States, the United Kingdom, continental Europe and Australia. This increase has 
been driven, in part, by recent indications that immigration policy, and/or enforcement in these countries could 
undergo significant changes. Such hiring has resulted and could further result in overall increased wage costs and risks 
thereby impacting operations and profitability. Prolonged conflicts and macro-economic uncertainties may increase 
inflation in key geographies, thereby increasing wage costs.
Additionally, wage increases in India may prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage and may negatively 
affect our profits. We have historically experienced significant competition for employees from large multinational 
companies that have established and continue to establish offshore operations in India, as well as from companies 
within India. Increased demand for talent in India due to higher levels of offshoring across the industry could also 
cause wages to increase for certain management level employees and skilled professionals. This competition has led 
to wage pressures in attracting and retaining employees, which could result in increased costs for companies seeking 
to employ technology professionals in India, particularly project managers and other mid-level professionals. In 
addition, any changes to the employment laws in the countries in which we operate including India, that may increase 
the compensation or social security benefits we offer our employees may impact our profitability.
We may need to increase our employee compensation more rapidly than in the past owing to the recent phenomenon 
of increasing rate of inflation in many of the geographies that we operate in. In addition, we may need to increase our 
employee compensation to be able to attract and retain employees skilled in newer technology areas or to remain 
competitive with other employers or seek to recruit in other low labor cost jurisdictions to keep our wage costs low. 
In certain years, we may issue incentive compensation plans including stock-based compensation plans to our 
employees and management. Any compensation increases in the future may result in higher operating costs and lower 
profitability. In certain years, we may not give wage increases due to adverse market conditions while our competitors  
may still give wage increases. This may result in higher attrition rates and may impact our ability to hire highly skilled 
technology professionals. If we are unable to retain our employees, our employee compensation costs may be 
substantially higher as we may need to offer higher salaries to attract new employees. Higher salary offered to new 
joinees may negatively impact tenured employee satisfaction and sentiments if we fail to raise salary of tenured 
employees to eradicate disparity. In addition, employee productivity and delivery milestones may be adversely 
affected as new employees require additional time to scale up leading to higher fulfilment costs including potential 
penalties from clients.
We are investing substantial cash in creating physical and technological infrastructure, and our profitability could 
be reduced if our business does not grow proportionately.
As of March 31, 2023, we had contractual commitments of $117 million for capital expenditures, including 
commitments related to the expansion or construction of facilities. We may encounter cost overruns or project delays 
in connection with expansion of existing facilities and construction of new facilities. We will continue to invest in the 
expansions of existing facilities and construction of new facilities to meet our growth requirements which may increase 
our fixed costs. We are also investing in the development of new facilities, including in Tier 2 cities across India, to 
enable our hybrid working model, which may also increase our facilities cost. If we are unable to grow our business 
and revenues proportionately, our profitability will be adversely impacted.
Changing business and operating models with employees continuing to work remotely in hybrid model may reduce 
the use of our physical infrastructure. Continued incurrence of operational cost to maintain these facilities may 
adversely affect our profitability.
Currency fluctuations and changes in interest rates may affect the results of our operations and yield on cash 
balances.
Our functional currency is the Indian rupee and majority of our expenses in U.S. dollar and Indian rupees. 
We generate a majority of our revenues in foreign currencies, such as the U.S. dollar or the Euro, the Australian dollar, 
and the United Kingdom Pound Sterling, through our sales in the United States and elsewhere. We avail products and 
services from overseas suppliers in various currencies. As a result of the increased volatility in the foreign exchange 
currency markets, there may be demand from our clients that the impact associated with foreign exchange fluctuations 
be borne by us. Also, we hold a substantial majority of our cash funds in Indian rupees. We expect that a majority of 
our revenues will continue to be generated in foreign currencies, including the U.S. dollar, the Euro, the Australian 
dollar and the United Kingdom Pound Sterling, for the foreseeable future and that a significant portion of our expenses, 
including personnel costs, as well as capital and operating expenditures, will continue to be denominated in U.S. dollar 
and Indian rupees. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates could adversely affect our revenues, other income, cost of 
sales, gross margin and net income, and may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial 
condition. For example, during fiscal 2023, every percentage point depreciation / appreciation in the exchange rate 
between the Indian rupee and the U.S. dollar, affected our incremental operating margins by approximately 0.44%.
We use derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange forward and option contracts to mitigate the risk of 
changes in foreign exchange exposures. Our purchase of these derivative instruments, however, may not be adequate 
to insulate ourselves from foreign currency exchange risks.
We may incur losses due to unanticipated or significant intra quarter movements in currency markets which could 
have an adverse impact on our profits and results of operations. Also, the volatility in the foreign currency markets 
may make it difficult to hedge our foreign currency exposures effectively.
Further, the policies of the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) may change from time to time which may limit our ability 
to hedge our foreign currency exposures adequately. Full or increased capital account convertibility, if introduced, 
could result in increased volatility in the fluctuations of exchange rates between the Rupee and foreign currencies.
A majority of our investments are in India-based assets and are exposed to fluctuations in the interest rate environment 
in the country, which depends to a great extent on the RBI’s monetary policy. Changes in monetary policy in the form 
of interest rate cuts could result in lower interest income and affect our profitability. 
Adverse currency movements arising out of macroeconomic issues or geopolitical conflicts may adversely impact our 
profitability. 
IV.    Risks related to our employee workforce
Our success depends largely upon our highly skilled technology professionals and our ability to hire, attract, 
motivate, retain and train these personnel.
Our ability to execute projects (especially large, complex and integrated programs), maintain our client relationships 
and acquire new clients depends largely on our ability to attract, hire, train, motivate and retain highly skilled 
technology professionals, project managers and other mid-level professionals. If we cannot hire, motivate and retain 
personnel, our ability to bid for projects, obtain new deals, execute large deals, build and sell new service offerings or 
software platforms and expand our business will be impaired and our revenues could decline.
The availability of science and technology professionals in certain geographies where we operate or into which we 
choose to expand in the future may be inadequate to satisfy our demand requirements. This may also adversely impact 
our efforts to localize our workforce in these geographies. Any travel or immigration related restrictions may further 
affect our ability to hire or deploy necessary personnel in order to compete for and provide services to clients in these 
geographies.
Increasing worldwide competition for skilled technology professionals and increased hiring by technology companies, 
particularly in India, may affect our ability to hire and retain an adequate number of skilled and experienced technology 
professionals. We may see volatility in the attrition percentage of our workforce in India and across different locations.
Changing technology, industry needs and changing demography increases the need for hiring differently skilled and 
diversified talent. For instance, the new wave of digital services requires talent with differentiated skills in creative 
design, data science, statistical analysis, AI and machine learning. The talent pools with such skills could be different 
from our traditional sources of recruitment and may come at higher cost. If we are unable to hire, retain and redeploy 
our technology professionals to keep pace with such continuing changes in technology, it may adversely affect our 
ability to bid for and obtain new deals and may adversely affect our business.
During fiscal 2023, there has been a significant increase in the number of employees we onboarded remotely. Our 
inability to integrate employees that we hire into our existing corporate culture due to our hybrid working model may 
adversely impact the results of our operations. We also hire and train fresh college graduates each year. If we are 
unable to timely and effectively train and deploy them on client projects, our utilization, client satisfaction and 
profitability could be adversely affected. 
In addition, if we are unable to increase employee compensation adequately or if we reduce compensation or variable 
pay for our employees, it may result in increased attrition and increased hiring cost to replace such employees.
Our inability to attract, engage, retain, train and deploy rebadged employees may not only impact profitability, but 
also impact project deliverables. Any such rebadged employees along with negotiated agreements with or without 
work councils may impact our ability to redeploy these employees and make any changes to the employment contract.
With increased attrition and mobility restrictions, there is a higher dependency on sub-contractors to deliver the 
committed services to clients, which may also impact our profitability.
Our success depends in large part upon our management team and key personnel and our ability to attract and 
retain them.
We are highly dependent on the members of our Board of Directors (the “Board”), executive officers and other senior 
executive leaders. Our future performance and client relationships may be affected by any disruptions in the continued 
service of our directors and senior executive leaders. 
Competition for senior management in our industry is intense, and we may not be able to retain senior management 
personnel or attract and retain new senior management personnel in the future. Furthermore, we do not maintain key 
man life insurance for any of the senior members of our management team or other key personnel. The loss of any 
member of our senior management or other key personnel, or if they become unavailable for an extended period of 
time due to health issues, security threats or any other business issues may adversely affect our business, results of 
operations and financial condition.
V.    Risks related to our contractual obligations
Our failure to complete fixed-price and fixed-timeframe contracts, or transaction-based pricing contracts, within 
budget and on time, may negatively affect our profitability.
As an element of our business strategy, in response to client requirements and pressures on IT budgets, we offer an 
increasing portion of our services on a fixed-price, fixed-timeframe basis, rather than on a time-and-materials basis. 
In fiscal 2023 and 2022, revenues from fixed-price, fixed-timeframe projects accounted for approximately 52% and 
53% of our total revenue, respectively. In addition, pressure on the IT budgets of our clients has led us to deviate from 
our standard pricing policies and to offer varied pricing models to our clients in certain situations in order to remain 
competitive. For example, we enter into transaction-based pricing contracts with certain clients who were not 
previously offered such terms in order to give them the flexibility to pay as they use our services. 
The risk of entering into fixed-price, fixed-timeframe arrangements and transaction-based pricing arrangements is that 
if we fail to properly estimate the appropriate pricing for a project, we may earn lower profits or incur losses as a result 
of being unable to execute projects on the timeframe and with the amount of labor we expected. Although, we use our 
software engineering methodologies and processes and past project experience to reduce the risks associated with 
estimating, planning and performing fixed-price, fixed-timeframe projects and transaction-based pricing projects, we 
bear the risk of cost overruns, completion delays and wage inflation in connection with these projects. If we fail to 
estimate accurately the resources and time required for a project, the extent of automation and productivity gains we 
may be able to achieve, the complexity of executing large and multi-party programs, future wage inflation rates or 
currency exchange rates, or if we fail to complete our contractual obligations within the contracted timeframe, our 
profitability may suffer. We expect that we will continue to enter into fixed-price, fixed-timeframe and transaction-
based pricing engagements in the future, and such engagements may increase in relation to the revenues generated 
from engagements on a time-and-materials basis, which would increase the risks to our business.
Our client contracts can typically be terminated without cause, which could negatively impact our revenues and 
profitability.
Our clients typically retain us on a non-exclusive, project-by-project basis. Many of our client contracts, including 
those that are on a fixed-price, fixed time frame basis, can be terminated with or without cause, between zero and 90-
days’ notice. Our business is dependent on the decisions and actions of our clients, and there are a number of factors 
relating to our clients that are outside of our control, which might lead to termination of a project or the loss of a client, 
including:
•financial difficulties for a client including limited access to the credit markets, increased cost of debt 
service, increased cost of operations, insolvency or bankruptcy, adverse impact due to the macro-
economic factors and/or geo-political conflicts;
•a change in strategic priorities, resulting in a reduced level of technology spending;
•a demand for price reductions; or an unwillingness to accept higher pricing due to various factors such as 
higher wage costs, higher cost of doing business;
•a change in outsourcing strategy by moving more work to the clients’ in-house technology departments 
or to our competitors;
•the replacement by our clients of existing software with packaged software supported by licensors;
•mergers and acquisitions; 
•consolidation of technology spending by a client, whether arising out of mergers and acquisitions, or 
otherwise; or
•sudden ramp-downs in projects due to an uncertain economic environment or a pandemic. 
Our inability to control the termination of client contracts could have a negative impact on our financial condition and 
results of operations. While there have been no material project terminations due to economic uncertainty or 
geopolitical conflicts, a prolonged uncertainty could heighten the risk that certain of our clients may invoke 
termination clauses to reduce their expenditure which could in turn affect our growth and profitability.
 
Our client contracts are often conditional upon our performance, which, if unsatisfactory, could result in lower 
revenues than previously anticipated.
 
A number of our client contracts have incentive-based or other pricing terms that condition some or all of our fees on 
our ability to meet defined performance goals or service levels. In addition, certain client situations may require us to 
agree to higher contractual liability exposure limits. Our failure to meet these goals or a client’s expectations in such 
performance-based contracts may result in us not being able to bill them for expended effort (unbilled) leading not 
only to a less profitable or an unprofitable engagement but may also result in penalties or fines impacting our overall 
financial health.
Our clients may seek more favorable terms from us in our contracts, particularly in connection with clauses related to 
the limitation of our liability for damages resulting from unsatisfactory performance of services. Further, any damages 
resulting from such failure, particularly where we are unable to recover such damages in full from our insurers, may 
adversely impact our business, revenues and operating margins.
 
Our ability to execute client contracts may be impacted due to lack of talent availability or geopolitical conflicts and 
this in turn can affect our ability to meet contractual commitments, leading to client dissatisfaction and loss of revenue.
Changed operating working models to work from home and/or inadequate onboarding of new employees due to remote 
working may impact our revenue productivity, culture and quality of service. This may result in lower client 
satisfaction and reduced revenue.
Some of our long-term client contracts contain benchmarking provisions which, if triggered, could result in lower 
future revenues and profitability under the contract.
As the size and duration of our client engagements increase, clients may increasingly require benchmarking provisions. 
Benchmarking provisions allow a client in certain circumstances to request a benchmark study prepared by an agreed 
upon third-party comparing our pricing, performance and efficiency gains for delivered contract services to that of an 
agreed upon list of service providers for comparable services and in comparable geography. Based on the results of 
the benchmark study and depending on the reasons for any unfavorable variance, we may be required to reduce the 
price of our services or provide clients with a right to terminate our services without paying any termination fee. This 
may have an adverse impact on our revenues and profitability. Benchmarking provisions in our client engagements 
may have a greater impact on our results of operations during an economic slowdown because pricing pressure and 
the resulting decline in rates may lead to a reduction in fees that we charge to clients that have benchmarking provisions 
in their engagements with us.
Our work with governmental agencies may expose us to additional risks.
While the vast majority of our clients are privately or publicly owned, we also bid for work with governments and 
governmental agencies in key geographies in which we operate. Projects involving governments or governmental 
agencies carry various risks inherent in the government contracting process, including the following: 
•Such projects may be subject to a higher risk of reduction in scope or termination than other contracts due 
to political and economic factors such as changes in government, pending elections or the reduction in, or 
absence of, adequate funding, or disputes with other government departments or agencies;
•Terms and conditions of government contracts tend to be more onerous than other contracts and may 
include, among other things, higher liability exposure to us for direct or indirect damages, extensive rights 
of audit, more punitive service level penalties and other restrictive covenants. Additionally, there are risks 
of delayed payments or change in the terms of such contracts due to political and economic factors and 
lack of timely closure of requirements;
•Government contracts are often subject to more extensive scrutiny and publicity than other contracts. Any 
negative publicity related to such contracts, regardless of the accuracy of such publicity, may adversely 
affect our business and reputation; 
•Participation in government contracts could subject us to stricter regulatory requirements, which may 
increase our cost of compliance; and
•Such projects may involve multiple parties in the delivery of services and require greater project 
management efforts on our part, and any failure in this regard may adversely impact our performance.
In addition, we operate in jurisdictions in which local business practices may be inconsistent with international 
regulatory requirements, including anti-corruption and anti-bribery regulations prescribed under the U.S. Foreign 
Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”), and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, which, among other things, prohibits giving or 
offering to give anything of value with the intent to influence the awarding of government contracts. Although we 
believe that we have adequate policies and enforcement mechanisms to ensure legal and regulatory compliance with 
the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 and other similar regulations, it is possible that any of our employees, 
subcontractors, agents or partners may violate any such legal and regulatory requirements, which may expose us to 
criminal or civil enforcement actions, including penalties and suspension or disqualification from U.S. federal 
procurement contracting. If we fail to comply with legal and regulatory requirements, our business and reputation may 
be harmed.
 
Our inability to execute contracts and / or amendments with clients on a timely basis can impact our revenues and 
profits, causing fluctuations in our reported results.
We generally enter into contracts with our clients prior to beginning work. However, we may occasionally commence 
working on client projects before contracts or amendments to previously executed contracts are executed. This practice 
may not only impact our ability to recognize revenue for the effort spent in a specified period, but may also impact 
margins if cost and revenue are accounted for in different periods. In rare instances of contract abandonment, we might 
not be in a position to recover the cost for the efforts incurred before contract execution.
 
VI.    Risks related to our operations
 
Our transition to a hybrid working model may expose us to various risks.
 
In 2022, we transitioned into a hybrid model of work for our employees and service providers following an extended 
period of remote work due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We incurred various costs to enable this hybrid working 
model, including to make sure our offices are safe and hygienic, to convert certain workplaces to enable collaboration 
while some employees work from home, and to procure and deploy hardware assets, technology infrastructure, 
information security infrastructure and data connectivity charges for remote working. As we hire, train, deploy talent 
remotely in this hybrid working model, we may experience the following risks:
•Our ability to assess the candidates effectively in virtual hiring process may be affected due to potential 
fake profiles, candidates employing fraudulent mechanisms to respond to virtual interview questions, lack 
of personal connects with the candidate, and technical infrastructure issues. This may lead to hiring of 
unqualified or inappropriate candidates and lead to service delivery disruptions impacting our business 
operations. Increased potential for fraud with the virtual hiring process could delay completion of 
background verification, impacting our ability to deploy the talent, client satisfaction, and our reputation. 
•If we are not able to effectively train our employees in the hybrid working model due to a lack of physical 
training sessions and personal connects, it may impact our ability to deploy talent on projects to meet our 
business requirements which could lead to service delivery disruptions, productivity loss, adverse client 
sentiments and additional costs.
•We may have difficulty integrating employees working out of remote locations on a long-term basis into 
our existing corporate culture and build social capital, which may impact our ability to engage with and 
retain our high performing employees.
•We may have greater exposure to cybersecurity and data privacy breach incidents with a large number of 
employees working remotely, which could hinder our ability to continue services and operations, 
impacting revenue, profitability and reputation.
•Continued remote working exposes the company to the risk of some employees working for multiple 
employers simultaneously (moonlighting) without obtaining required prior approvals and this may result 
in potential conflict of interests, confidentiality breach, and reduced productivity.
•Continued employee preferences to work out of remote locations, on a long-term basis, together with 
expectations from clients to return to office, if not managed adequately, may impact attrition, client 
satisfaction, and our ability to grow profitably.
 
Our reputation could be at risk and we may be liable to our clients or to regulators for damages caused by 
inadvertent disclosure of confidential information and sensitive data.
 
We are dependent on our information technology networks and systems to process, transmit, host and securely store 
electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with our clients, suppliers and 
partners. We are often required to collect and store sensitive or confidential client data. Security breaches, employee 
misappropriation, unauthorized access, human or technological error could lead to potential unauthorized disclosure 
of sensitive data, which in turn could jeopardize projects that are critical to the operations of our clients’ businesses. 
The theft and/or unauthorized use or publication of our, or our clients, confidential information or other proprietary 
business information as a result of such an incident could adversely affect our reputation and competitive position. 
Any failure in the networks or computer systems used by us or our clients could result in a claim for substantial 
damages against us and significant reputational harm. Many of our client agreements do not limit our potential liability 
for breaches of confidentiality.
As a global service provider with clients in a broad range of industries, we often have access to or are required to 
manage, utilize, collect and store sensitive data subject to various regulatory regimes, including but not limited to U.S. 
federal and state laws governing the protection of personal financial and health data and the GDPR law, which 
superseded the EU Directive on Data Protection in May 2018. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity 
and number and change frequently. Scope and coverage of these regulations are vast and include various stakeholders 
that do not necessarily restrict applicability to a certain geography in which we operate, which may result in greater 
compliance risk and cost. If any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally 
breaches our established controls with respect to our data or client data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates 
that data, we could be subject to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or 
criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions in addition to significant damage to our reputation. The monetary 
damages might not be subject to a contractual limit of liability or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages 
and could be significant. In addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, might not be sufficient 
in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches. 
Many of our contracts involve projects that are critical to the operation of our clients’ businesses and provide benefits 
which may be difficult to quantify.
Any failure in a client’s system or breaches of security, regardless of our responsibility for such failure, could result 
in a claim for substantial damages against us and force us to incur significant expense for our defense or could require 
that we pay large sums in settlement. If unauthorized access to or disclosure of such data in our possession or control 
occurs or we otherwise fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations in this regard, we could be exposed to civil 
or criminal enforcement actions and penalties in connection with any violation of applicable data protection laws, as 
well as lawsuits brought by our clients, our clients’ clients, their clients or others for breaching contractual  
confidentiality and security provisions or data protection laws. Laws and expectations relating to data protections 
continue to evolve in ways that may limit our access, use and disclosure of sensitive data, and may require increased 
expenditures by us or may dictate that we not offer certain types of services. 
Our post-pandemic hybrid working model has increased the risk of confidential data breach as our employees are 
accessing this data from home. While we have taken measures to implement suitable automated controls and educate 
our employees on the importance of security and the need to adhere to the highest levels of security standards, we may 
not be able to prevent all data breaches, there by resulting in loss of reputation or adverse financial impact due to 
resultant penalties or fines.
Our reputation could be at risk and we may be liable to our clients for damages caused by cybersecurity incidents.
 
The increase in sophistication and complexity of cyber-attacks, cybercrime and cyber insecurity have made the global 
cyber threat landscape highly volatile. Organizations across the world need to be vigilant in order to shield themselves 
from cybersecurity risks and the associated perils and challenges. 
 
We, and our third-party service providers, may be targets of cybersecurity attacks, especially because our workforce 
operates in a hybrid model or due to the global geo-political conflicts. Cyber threats evolve rapidly, and there could 
be a scenario where we may be unable to adapt our threat detection and prevention measures to detect or prevent new, 
modified, or evolving threats on an ongoing basis. Sophisticated analysis of larger data sets will enable the misuse of 
personal information through legitimate legal mechanisms, weakening individual digital sovereignty and the right to 
privacy, even in well-regulated regimes.
We and our third-party service providers may suffer cybersecurity breaches and other information security incidents 
due to a multitude of factors, including the following:
•insider threats;
•hackers and other state or non-state actors with an intent to cause harm to us or our clients (including, for 
example, our government clients and our clients in sensitive industry segments such as financial services, 
energy, utilities or healthcare); 
•human error and inadvertent actions by our employees and contractors; 
•malware, ransomware, viruses, worms, and similar threats, including the potential for infection spreading 
between environments; 
•increased threat and attack surface due to a hybrid work model, emergence of the metaverse; 
•vulnerability of the security automation system to attacks; and
•malicious use of AI leading to the industrialization of tailored, high volume, high-impact cyber attacks, 
leaving organizations overwhelmed and unable to operate effectively.
 
We believe the risks presented by cybersecurity breaches and other information security incidents will increase as we 
scale, grow our cloud-based offerings and services, AI-powered enterprise transformation, store and process 
increasingly large amounts of our clients’ data and host or manage parts of our clients’ businesses, especially in 
industries involving sensitive data such as the financial services, energy, utilities and healthcare industries. In addition, 
with increased dependence on cloud vendors, any consequential large-scale failure in their security, coupled with 
difficulties of porting data from one vendor to another, may jeopardize ours and our clients’ business continuity. By 
virtue of our business presence across continents, any alleged or actual non-compliance with our obligations relating 
to cybersecurity and information security in any applicable jurisdictions could lead to regulatory investigations, 
claims, litigation, and significant damages, fines, penalties, and other liability.
Cybersecurity breaches and other data security incidents could have an adverse impact on our current or future 
business, operations, and financial performance, reputation especially in cases where critical systems, or numerous 
systems, are impacted, resulting in partial to complete disruption of intended business delivery, or due to unauthorized 
access to, or the loss, corruption, or theft of, intellectual property, personal data, or sensitive information. If we or any 
of our third-party service providers suffer a cybersecurity breach or other data security incident, or if any such breach  
or incident is believed to have occurred, we could face potential claims and litigation, regulatory investigations and 
inquiries, damages, fines, penalties, and other liability, substantial harm to our reputation, a loss of business, and 
significant costs to investigate, remediate, and otherwise address the breach or other incident. We could also incur 
increased costs in preventing cybersecurity breaches or other information security incidents in the future. Furthermore, 
as there is increased focus on environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) concerns, our failure to demonstrate 
strong corporate governance around cybersecurity in the event of a breach could impact our reputation.
Our cybersecurity insurance covers first party losses that occur due to a cybersecurity-incident wherein losses include 
cost of forensics, appointing a crisis consultant and data restoration. The insurance also provides for business 
interruption losses that we might have to incur as a result of a system shutdown due to a cyber-incident. Our insurance 
may not be adequate to cover all losses in connection with any cybersecurity breach or other incident, and we cannot 
be certain that our present coverage, or any future coverage we may obtain, will remain available to us on 
commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
Our reputation may be impacted, and we may incur financial liabilities if privacy breaches and incidents under 
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) adopted by the EU or other data privacy regulations across the 
globe are attributed to us or if we are not able to take necessary steps to report such breaches and incidents to 
regulators and data subjects, wherever applicable, within the stipulated time. Further, any claim from our clients 
for losses suffered by them due to privacy breaches caused by our employees may impact us financially and affect 
our reputation.
The GDPR and similar data privacy laws in other jurisdictions impose additional obligations and increase risk 
exposure upon our business and increase substantially the penalties to which we could be subject to. For example, 
because the GDPR’s enforcement history is limited, we are unable to predict how certain obligations under the GDPR 
may be applied to us. Despite our efforts to comply with various data privacy laws applicable to us, a regulator may 
determine that what we have done is not sufficient and subject us to fines and public censure, which could harm our 
business and reputation.
We may see a potential increase in the number of data privacy incidents arising from our operations with the scale of 
our business, and our move to a hybrid working model. Further, more of our work may come under the ambit of 
privacy regulations as more countries have adopted new regulations or strengthened their existing privacy laws similar 
to the GDPR. 
We constituted our data privacy function over a decade ago, which operates as an independent business enabling 
function, reporting to the top management and using the globally recognized PIMS (Privacy Information Management 
System) framework. We assess our liabilities as processors and controllers and implementing controls where required 
to mitigate the risks. We have formulated and implemented policies and procedures for identifying and reporting 
privacy breaches, to affected data subjects and/or regulators (as required) within the stipulated time. In addition to 
implementing and monitoring various controls, we are covered by insurance to some extent in the case of any 
eventuality. Despite these efforts and insurance, we continue to be at risk of experiencing a data privacy breach, and 
any such breach could adversely impact our financial results and reputation.
 
Recently, AI-based tools and technologies have proliferated across the digital industry, introducing new privacy 
threats that are in early stages both for the industry and regulators. We may not be able to anticipate or adequately 
manage the privacy threats that may emerge in connection with greater adoption of AI in our business. 
We may be the subject of litigation which, if adversely determined, could harm our business and impact reputation, 
growth, profitability, and results of operations.
We are, and may in the future be, subject to legal claims arising in the normal course of business. An unfavorable 
outcome on any litigation matter could require that we pay substantial damages, or, in connection with any intellectual 
property infringement claims, could require that we pay ongoing royalty payments or prevent us from selling certain 
of our products. In addition, we may decide to settle any litigation, which could cause us to incur significant costs. A 
settlement or an unfavorable outcome on any litigation matter could adversely affect our business, results of 
operations, reputation, financial position or cash flows. 
Any prolonged economic downturn and geopolitical conflicts and the resulting financial impact to our clients, vendors 
and other stakeholders along with other situation like cybersecurity threats, data breaches, contractual suspensions, 
delayed payments and similar other incidents may give rise to more litigation and disputes with our stakeholders 
resulting in additional cost, or loss of reputation if the same surfaces in the media.
Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all potential losses to which we may be subject, 
which could adversely affect our business.
 
Our insurance policies generally cover loss or damage to insured property and loss due to business interruption 
following loss or damage to property. These policies cover our property and assets around the world, including all 
leased property. We also maintain insurance coverage for damage caused by disclosure of employee and client-related 
personally identifiable confidential information, system failures, errors or unsatisfactory performance of services to 
our clients in the event of a third-party claim citing damages or financial loss.
 
We believe we have taken sufficient insurance policies to cover ourselves from potential losses that we may be subject 
to. However, this coverage may not continue to be available on reasonable terms and may be unavailable in sufficient 
amounts to cover one or more large claims. Also, an insurer might disclaim coverage as to any future claim. For 
example, certain insurers have indicated that they may disclaim coverage for claims arising from business interruption 
due to geo-political conflicts. A successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds our available 
insurance coverage or that cause changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of 
a large deductible or co-insurance requirement, could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, our hybrid 
working model increases the risk of claims arising out of various situations like errors and omissions and data breaches, 
which could render the coverage taken inadequate. Increased claims could cause the insurance premium on our regular 
policies to be increased which could adversely affect our profitability.
In addition, losses arising from events not covered by our insurance policies could adversely affect our financial 
condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that any claims filed under our insurance policies will 
be honored fully or timely. Our financial condition may be adversely affected to the extent we suffer any loss or 
damage that is not covered by insurance, or which exceeds our insurance coverage.
The markets in which we operate are subject to the risk of earthquakes, floods, tsunamis, storms, pandemics and 
other disasters.
Some of the regions that we operate in are prone to earthquakes, floods, tsunamis, storms, pandemics and other 
disasters. In the event that any of our business centers or the telecommunications networks that our business depends 
on are affected by any such disasters, we may incur costs in redeploying personnel and property, sustain damage to 
our operations and properties, suffer significant financial losses or be unable to complete our client engagements in a 
timely manner, if at all.
In addition, if such disasters occur in any of the locations in which our significant clients are located, we face the risk 
that our clients may incur losses or sustain business interruption, which may materially impair our ability to provide 
services to our clients and may limit their ability to continue their purchase of products or services from us. This could 
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, a prolonged 
disruption of our operations due to such disasters may impact our business continuity and employee productivity. 
The safety of our employees, assets and infrastructure may be affected by untoward incidents beyond our control, 
impacting business continuity or reputation.
The health and safety of our employees or those working on our behalf or those present in our offices, and the security 
of our physical infrastructure may be affected due to acts of violence or vandalism by anti-social elements or the 
emergence of a disease pandemic or geo-political conflicts. Although we take protective measures to ensure the safety 
of our employees at our global locations of work and transit, incidents of organized political demonstrations, civil 
unrest, random acts of rage or a public health crisis can affect the safety of our assets and employees, impacting 
business continuity or reputation or exposing us to lawsuits from employees. 
Currently, we operate in 274 locations across 56 countries. Our global development centers are linked with a 
telecommunications network architecture that uses multiple service providers and various satellite and optical links 
with alternate routing. While we believe we have put in place adequate infrastructure and business continuity plans to 
handle disruption in services due to failure in our communication network, our operations and service delivery may 
be impacted if such networks are affected by disasters.
As an international company, our offshore and onsite operations may also be impacted by disease, epidemics and local 
social instability, which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 
Terrorist attacks or a war could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war have the potential to directly impact our clients or us. To the extent 
that such events affect or involve the United States or Europe (including the current geo-political conflict in Eastern 
Europe), our business may be significantly impacted, as a majority of our revenues are derived from clients located in 
the United States and Europe. In addition, events of terrorism, military coup or threat of warfare in other parts of the 
world, (such as Eastern Europe) could cause geo-political instability, which in turn may impact our clients or impact 
our ability to execute projects. Such attacks may destabilize the economic and political situation in India and other 
countries where we have large operations making it more difficult to obtain work visas and plan travel for many of 
our technology professionals who are required to work in the United States or Europe. Such obstacles to business may 
increase our expenses and negatively affect the results of our operations. Furthermore, any attacks in India could cause 
a disruption in the delivery of our services to our clients, and could have a negative impact on our business, personnel, 
assets, results of operations and could cause our clients or potential clients to choose other vendors for the services we 
provide.
Regional conflicts in South Asia could adversely affect the Indian economy, disrupt our operations and cause our 
business to suffer. South Asia has, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and hostilities among 
neighboring countries, including China and Pakistan. There have been military confrontations between India and 
Pakistan that have occurred in the region of Kashmir and along the India-Pakistan border. Further, Pakistan is currently 
experiencing significant political and financial instability that has heightened the risks of conflict in South Asia. 
Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could hurt the Indian economy by disrupting communications and 
making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian 
companies involve higher degrees of risk. This, in turn, could adversely affect the market for securities of Indian 
companies, including our equity shares and our ADSs, and the market for our services.
Heightened geo-political conflicts may affect our ability to operate in these geographies. In addition, any prolonged 
conflict may delay the economic recovery from the pandemic, compounding any adverse impact to our business.
Climate change risks are increasingly manifesting in our business as strategic risks, physical risks and transitional 
(market and compliance) risks, which if not managed adequately, can affect our operations, reputation and 
profitability.
 
There is increased focus by organizations to plan for Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks arising out 
of climate change, environmental management practices and duty of care, work and safety conditions, respect for 
human rights, anti-bribery & anti-corruption practices, and compliance to relevant laws & regulations. Risks related 
to these factors, except those related to climate change, are covered elsewhere in this document. Climate change related 
risks are discussed in this section. 
 
Strategic climate change risks: In a market with increased awareness on climate change, aligning business with the 
evolving trends is an important factor affecting the success of the Company. As a member of the global IT/digital 
supply chain eco system, we are prone to strategic risks if our climate action goals are not aligned to global treaties 
like the Paris Agreement on climate change.
 
Physical climate change risks: Extreme weather events due to climate change can lead to epidemics as well as business 
disruptions. We recognize that climate changes may impact (1) physical damage to our building infrastructure and 
other physical assets, (2) disruptions of the city's functional continuity such as the transport network and utilities in  
the cities that we operate that can severely hamper business continuity, and (3) a decrease in morale of employees due 
to extreme weather events.
Extreme weather events also bring-in unique problems depending on the type of calamity. For example, drought can 
bring increases in food prices, or shortages of certain foods, while events like flooding can cause diseases and 
epidemics. Changes in the availability of natural resources like water, in regions where we operate could directly 
impact our operations and employee livelihood, which will impact our ability to do business and ensure business 
continuity. With large operating campuses in major urban cities, operating risks include disruption of power and water 
supply to our campuses due to extreme weather events, affecting business continuity. 
Climate related market risks: In response to increasing awareness on climate change and other related socio-
environmental issues, clients increasingly request our climate action update, including emission performance 
disclosures such as our Carbon Disclosure Project (“CDP”) score during the evaluation stage. A number of clients and 
potential clients have inquired about our Net Zero commitment, commitment to Science Based Targets, and supply 
chain emission reduction program, and our responses to such inquiries may become an important factor in our clients’ 
overall decision-making process. If our performance is not managed in these areas, it may adversely impact our ability 
to compete and win contracts. We respond to multiple sustainability supplier assessments from our clients including 
the CDP supply chain response every year.
Climate related regulatory risks: The scientific community and global leaders agreed upon the importance of limiting 
the global temperature increase to well below 2°C to minimize the devastating impacts of climate change while signing 
the Paris Agreement in 2015. Parties to the Paris Agreement have already provided their Intended Nationally 
Determined Contribution, which outlines the actions countries intend to take to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. 
This could translate into emission reduction goals being passed on to businesses, in the form of new regulations that 
enforce a carbon tax or other emission reduction targets. In many geographies, regulations requiring detailed 
disclosures on climate action, performance, risk and opportunities already exist or are in the pipeline. Such new 
regulations would result in increased cost of compliance for us. Further, any gaps due to incorrect reporting of metrics 
including wrong interpretation of evolving global standards may attract penalties, impact reputation and may lead to 
other consequences.
Risks resulting from potential violations or non-conformance with climate laws and regulations could impact our 
profitability through the incurrence of penalties or by limiting our ability to operate in certain geographies and could 
adversely impact our business performance, reputation and brand.
Our reputation, access to capital and longer-term financial stability could be at risk if we are unable to meet our 
stated goals under our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 2030 vision.
 
We have been a pioneer in adopting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and in publishing our ESG 
vision and ambitions for 2030. Our performance vis-à-vis these ambitions is monitored internally as well as by external 
agencies. If we are unable to meet our goals or if we are not assessed favorably on ESG measures by external agencies, 
our reputation, access to capital and longer-term financial stability may be adversely impacted including our brand 
reputation which could impact the share price.
Negative media coverage and public scrutiny may divert the time and attention of our board and management and 
adversely affect our reputation and the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.
There is media coverage and public scrutiny of our business practices, policies and actions including negative, and in 
some cases, inaccurate posts or comments. Any future negative media coverage in relation to our business, our Board 
or senior management, regardless of the factual basis for the assertions being made, may adversely impact our 
reputation. In addition, responding to allegations made in the media can significantly divert the time and attention of 
our Board and senior management away from our business and disrupt our operations. We may not be able to respond 
publicly to certain comments in the media due to the obligations, we have with our employees, clients and other 
stakeholders. Any unfavorable publicity may also adversely impact investor confidence and directly or indirectly 
cause the price of our equity shares and ADSs to decline. 
 
If any of our employees, as independent individuals, engage in any acts that are perceived to be against the interests 
of the communities we operate in or that violate local regulations, and if such acts become the subject of mainstream 
and social media attention or regulatory scrutiny, our reputation may be negatively impacted.
 
Evolving regulatory requirements that obligate our management to respond to rumors within a specified time may put 
strain on board and management bandwidth, digress their attention from business-critical strategic work and can also 
adversely impact our reputation.
VII.    Risks related to legislation and regulatory compliance
 
We have experienced, and may continue to experience, a shortage in the supply of IT workers, which could increase 
due to enactment of restrictive legislations and regulations on immigration in certain geographies which would 
adversely affect our business. 
We have experienced a significant shortage of IT talent at all levels. The reasons for this shortage are manifold and 
are continuing to be studied. The attendant risks for our company are related to our need to provide the necessary in-
market talent for our existing and new clients in key markets including the Americas, Europe and APAC.
In particular, due to their own shortages in staffing, governments have been unable to resume many of the basic 
operational procedures (such as visa application reviews, interviews, visa-stamping, etc.) required to facilitate the 
movement of IT workers across borders. These mechanisms have been further slowed by ongoing and constantly 
evolving efforts to integrate first-of-their-kind health and safety measures into existing operating protocols in response 
to the COVID-19 pandemic.
New and changing regulatory compliance, corporate governance and public disclosure requirements add 
uncertainty to our compliance policies and increase our costs of compliance.
We are subject to a variety of laws, regulations and industry standards in the countries in which we operate. These 
laws, regulations, and standards govern numerous areas that are important to our business, including, but not limited 
to, privacy, information security, labor and employment, immigration, data protection, import and export practices, 
marketing and communication practices. Such laws, regulations and standards are subject to changes and evolving 
interpretations and applications, and it can be difficult to predict how they may be applied to our business and the way 
we conduct our operations, especially as we introduce new solutions and services and expand into new jurisdictions. 
Any perceived or actual breach of laws, regulations and standards could result in investigations, regulatory inquiries, 
litigation, fines, injunctions, negative client sentiment, impairment of our existing or planned solutions and services, 
or otherwise negatively impact our business.
Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to accounting, corporate governance and public disclosure create 
uncertainty for our compliance efforts and may result in added compliance costs. India has witnessed sweeping 
changes to its corporate law regime over the past few years. The changes introduced by the Indian Companies Act, 
2013, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), 
Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations) and the SEBI’s Insider Trading Regulations as amended from time to time 
are far-reaching and often untested and have added complexity to our corporate compliance regime. We are also 
increasingly subject to social regulations such as Modern Slavery legislations around the world including in the UK 
and Australia, and the UK Corporate Criminal Offence Act. Should there be any failure by our suppliers to abide by 
applicable regulations, including but not limited to those relating to human trafficking, we may face sanctions which 
could affect our reputation and our ability to provide services to our clients.
In connection with this Annual Report on Form 20-F, our management assessed our internal controls over financial 
reporting, and determined that our internal controls were effective as of March 31, 2023. However, we will undertake 
management assessments of our internal control over financial reporting in connection with each annual report, and 
any deficiencies uncovered by these assessments or any inability of our auditors to issue an unqualified opinion 
regarding our internal control over financial reporting could harm our reputation and the price of our equity shares 
and ADSs.
We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure, and our efforts to 
comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards in this regard have resulted in, and are likely to continue to  
result in, increased general and administrative expenses and an increasing amount of time and attention of management 
in ensuring compliance related activities.
In addition, it may become more expensive or more difficult for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. 
Further, our Board members and executive officers could face an increased risk of personal liability in connection 
with their performance of duties and our regulatory reporting obligations. As a result, we may face difficulties 
attracting and retaining qualified Board members and executive officers, which could harm our business. If we fail to 
comply with new or changed laws or regulations, our business and reputation may be harmed.
The intellectual property laws of India may not give sufficient protection to software and the related intellectual 
property rights to the same extent as those in the United States. We may be unsuccessful in protecting our 
intellectual property rights. We may also be subject to third party claims of intellectual property infringement.
We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and design laws, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures 
and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property. However, the laws of India do not protect proprietary 
rights to the same extent as laws in the United States. While we take utmost care in protecting our intellectual property, 
our competitors may independently develop similar technology or duplicate our products or services. Unauthorized 
parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our products, services or proprietary information.
The misappropriation or duplication of our intellectual property could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our 
management and employees, reduce our revenues and increase our expenses. We may need to litigate to enforce our 
intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation 
could be time consuming and costly. As the number of patents, copyrights and other intellectual property rights in our 
industry increases, and as the coverage of these rights increases, we believe that companies in our industry will face 
more frequent infringement claims. Defense against these claims, even if such claims are not meritorious, could be 
expensive and time consuming and may divert our management’s attention and resources from operations. The 
growing use of AI in our industry introduces novel IP risks for which the law is still evolving, including with respect 
to the ownership of AI-generated output, the legality of using someone else’s IP as a training dataset to train AI 
systems, and the memorization of training datasets by the AI system. We will need to adequately manage these risks 
in our contractual arrangements with our clients and partners.
From time to time, third parties have asserted, and may in the future assert, patent, copyright, trademark and other 
intellectual property rights against us or against our clients. Our business partners may have similar claims asserted 
against them. Third parties, including companies with greater resources than us, may assert patent rights to 
technologies that we utilize in our business. If we become liable to third parties for infringing their intellectual property 
rights, we could be required to pay a substantial damage award and be forced to develop non-infringing technology, 
obtain a license or cease selling the applications or products that contain the infringing technology. We may be unable 
to develop non-infringing technology or to obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. An unfavorable 
outcome in connection with any infringement claim against us as a result of litigation, other proceeding or settlement, 
could have a material and adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial position.
In addition, litigation initiated by non-practicing entities continues in the software industry. The non-practicing entities 
are business establishments that hold the patents and they seek monetary damages by alleging that a product feature 
infringes a patent. These non-practicing entities are also becoming more aggressive in their monetary demands and 
requests for court-issued injunctions. We intend to defend such claims. However, as with most litigation, the outcome 
is difficult to predict. Such lawsuits or claims may increase our cost of doing business and may be extremely disruptive 
if the plaintiffs succeed in blocking the sales of our products and services.
We cannot be sure that the services and solutions that we offer to our clients do not infringe on the intellectual property 
rights of third parties. With increased working from home, due to the pandemic risk that some our employees may 
reuse intellectual property of different clients may increase notwithstanding the significant safeguards and policies 
preventing reuse. Any such instances may give rise to third party claims. These claims could harm our reputation, 
cause us to incur substantial costs or prevent us from offering some services or solutions in the future. Any related 
proceedings could require us to expend significant resources over an extended period of time. In most of our contracts, 
we agree to indemnify our clients for expenses and liabilities resulting from claimed infringements of the intellectual  
property rights of third parties. In some instances, the amount of these indemnities could be greater than the revenues 
we receive from the client.
Any claims or litigation in this area could be time-consuming and costly, damage our reputation and/or require us to 
incur additional costs to obtain the right to continue to offer a service or solution to our clients. If we cannot secure 
this right at all or on reasonable terms, or we cannot substitute alternative technology, our results of operations could 
be materially adversely affected. The risk of infringement claims against us may increase as we expand our industry 
software solutions and platforms and continue to develop and license our software to multiple clients.
In addition, we rely on third-party software in providing some of our services and solutions. If we lose our ability to 
continue using such software for any reason, including because it is found to infringe the rights of others, we will need 
to obtain substitute software or seek alternative means of obtaining the technology necessary to continue to provide 
such services and solutions. Our inability to replace such software, or to replace such software in a timely or cost-
effective manner, could adversely affect our results of operations.
The software industry is making increased use of open-source software in its development work. We also incorporate 
open-source technology in our services and in our proprietary products and platforms which may expose us to liability 
and have a material impact on our product development and sales. The open-source license may require that the 
software code in those components or the software into which they are integrated be freely accessible under open-
source terms and security vulnerabilities in open-source software may adversely expose our product and result in 
financial claims against us. While we take appropriate measures to comply with open-source terms and assess the 
known security vulnerabilities, there is a possibility that third-party claims may require us to disclose our own source 
code to the public, to make the same freely accessible under open-source terms or may result in potential financial 
impact if there is a claim due to unknown vulnerabilities. Any such requirement to disclose our source code or other 
confidential information related to our products could adversely affect our competitive position, results of business 
operations, financial condition and our relationships with clients.
Our net income would decrease if the Government of India reduces or withdraws tax benefits and other incentives 
it provides to us or when our tax holidays expire, reduce or terminate.
Many of our development centers in India are registered as Special Economic Zones unit (“SEZ unit”) under the 
Special Economic Zone Act, 2005 (“SEZ Act”). As per the section 10AA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (the “Income 
Tax Act”), SEZ unit who began to provide services on or after April 1, 2005, are eligible for an income tax deduction 
of 100% of profits or gains derived from the export of services for the first five years beginning with the assessment 
year relevant to the previous year in which the SEZ unit begins to provide services and 50% of such profits or gains 
for the five years thereafter. Up to 50% of such profits or gains is also available for a further five years, subject to the 
creation of a Special Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve out of the profit of the eligible SEZ units and our 
utilization of such reserve to acquire new plants and machinery for the purpose of our business as per the provisions 
of the Income Tax Act.
As a result of these tax incentives, a portion of our pre-tax income has not been subject to tax. These tax incentives 
resulted in a decrease in our income tax expense of $362 million, $395 million and $346 million for fiscal 2023, 2022 
and 2021, respectively, compared to the tax amounts that we estimate we would have been required to pay if these 
incentives had not been available.
If the government of India changes its policies affecting SEZs in a manner that adversely impacts the incentives for 
establishing or operating facilities in SEZs, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
In the event, where we are not able to utilize the SEZ reserve for investment in plant and machinery within the timeline 
specified under the Income Tax Act, we will have to pay taxes on the unutilized reserve following the expiry of year 
specified. This would result in an increase to our effective tax rate. 
 
In India, changes in taxation law are announced on an annual basis when the Union Budget is presented. The Union 
Budget, 2015 had proposed to reduce the rate of corporate tax from 30% to 25% over the next four years in a phased 
manner starting from fiscal 2016, but the process of reducing the corporate tax rate would likely be accompanied by 
rationalization and removal of various kinds of tax exemption and incentives for corporate tax-payers. Accordingly, 
the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019 has introduced Section 115BAA wherein a domestic company can  
exercise option for a reduced rate of corporate tax of 22% plus surcharge of 10% and cess of 4% without claim of 
certain deductions mentioned therein including deduction for SEZ units under section 10AA of the Income Tax Act. 
Further, under the Finance Act, 2016, no tax incentives shall be available to SEZ units commencing business activities 
on or after April 1, 2020. However, the Taxation and other Laws (Relaxation and Amendment of Certain Provisions) 
Act, 2020 extended the date for commencement of operation for the SEZ units for claiming deduction under section 
10AA of the Income Tax Act to March 31, 2021, for the units which received necessary approval by March 31, 2020. 
Additionally, the Finance Act, 2016 amended Section 80-IAB of the Income Act whereby tax incentive shall not be 
available to an undertaking engaged in the development of SEZ where the specified activities commence on or after 
April 1, 2017. When our tax holidays expire, reduce or terminate, our tax expense will materially increase, reducing 
our profitability in case the Company continues with the current corporate tax.
 
In the event that the government of India or the government of another country changes its tax policies in a manner 
that is adverse to us, our tax expense may materially increase, reducing our profitability.
The General Anti Avoidance Rules (“GAAR”) provisions to deal with the Organization for Economic Co-operation 
and Development’s (“OECD”)’s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project of which India is an active participant was 
applicable from fiscal 2018. Pursuant to GAAR, an arrangement in which the main purpose, or one of the main 
purposes, is to obtain a tax benefit and may be declared as an “impermissible avoidance arrangement” if it also satisfies 
at least one of the following four tests:
•The arrangement creates rights and obligations, which are not normally created between parties dealing 
at arm’s length.
•It results in misuse or abuse of provisions of tax laws.
•It lacks commercial substance or is deemed to lack commercial substance.
•It is carried out in a manner, which is normally not employed for a bona fide purpose.
•If any of our transactions are found to be impermissible avoidance arrangements under GAAR, our 
business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.
 
The Finance Act, 2023, effective April 1, 2023, has increased the tax withholding rate on payment made to non-
residents towards “royalty” and/or “fees for technical services” to 20% from 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), 
subject to furnishing of an Indian Permanent Account Number (“PAN”) or alternative documents in the absence of 
PAN by such non-residents. However, a lower rate may apply if a Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement read along 
with Multi-lateral Instrument (“MLI”) exists. Further, based on a Supreme Court ruling, payment to non-residents for 
purchase of software was held to be not taxable as royalty subject to such payments not being characterized as royalty 
under the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement. Such payments will not be liable for withholding of tax subject to 
furnishing of relevant tax documents by such non-residents. As we procure various software licenses and technical 
services from non-residents in the course of delivering our products and services to our clients, the cost of withholding 
tax on such purchase of software and services may be of additional cost to us as the Company may have to gross up 
for such withholding taxes in case relevant tax documents for availing the benefit under the Double Taxation 
Avoidance Agreement are not furnished.
 
The Indian Finance Act 2021, effective April 1, 2020, has excluded goodwill from the definition of block of assets. 
As a result, the income tax depreciation shall not be allowed as a deduction while computing the total income. Further, 
any depreciation claimed until March 31, 2020, shall be reduced from the purchase price to arrive at the cost of 
acquisition in case of transfer of asset in future. 
Goods and Services Tax (“GST”), India’s biggest tax reform, was enacted on July 1, 2017. GST replaces various 
indirect taxes levied by the State and Center with a unified tax. The major taxes subsumed into GST are Central Excise, 
Service tax, Central Sales Tax, Value added tax, Entry tax, Octroi, additional duty of customs, Entertainment Tax and 
Luxury Tax. GST has increased the indirect tax compliance of the group as the concept of centralized registration and 
payment of taxes no longer exists under the GST regime.
We have entered into Advance Pricing Agreements (“APAs”) in multiple jurisdictions to provide greater predictability 
regarding our tax obligations for our overseas operations. Any material changes to the critical assumptions underlying  
these APAs may have an impact on taxes. When the APAs expire or are under renewal, there is no certainty that they 
will be renewed. If they are renewed, there is no certainty that they will be on the same or similar terms.
We operate in various countries and changes in the tax rates or taw laws of any country could have an impact on our 
taxes. There may be changes in tax rates in some countries as a result of the OECD Pillar Two Blueprint of the 
Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) which aims to create a global minimum tax rate. 
For example, the European Union has adopted the 15% global minimum tax rate as provided for in Pillar Two and 
has directed its member states to implement legislation enacting Pillar Two by December 31, 2023. There could be 
other changes in international tax laws and practices as a result of other pillars of BEPS (including taxes on digital 
services) which may impact our tax cost.
We operate in jurisdictions that impose transfer pricing and other tax-related regulations on us, and any failure to 
comply could adversely affect our profitability.
We are required to comply with various transfer pricing regulations in India and other countries. Additionally, we 
operate in several countries and our failure to comply with the local and municipal tax regime may result in additional 
taxes, penalties and enforcement actions from such authorities. In the event that we do not properly comply with the 
transfer pricing and tax-related regulations, our profitability may be adversely affected.
Changes in the policies of the government of India or political instability may adversely affect economic conditions 
in India generally, which could impact our business and prospects.
The Government of India could change specific laws and policies affecting technology companies, foreign investment, 
currency exchange and other matters affecting investment in our securities which could adversely affect business and 
economic conditions in India generally, and our business in particular. We are dependent on RBI to pay all our forex 
expenses and dividend. Any exchange controls regime impacting ability to remit monies will severely impact ability 
to deliver services and stock prices (dividend). If the Government of India changes its policies affecting SEZs in a 
manner that adversely impact the incentives for establishing and operating facilities in SEZs, our business, results of 
operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Any political instability could delay any further reforms 
and could adversely affect the market for securities of Indian companies, including our equity shares and our ADSs, 
and the market for our services.
Attempts to fully address concerns of activist shareholders may divert the time and attention of our management 
and Board of Directors and may impact the prices of our equity shares and ADSs. 
Attempts to respond to activist shareholder queries and concerns in a timely manner and to their full satisfaction may 
divert the attention of our Board and management and require us to incur significant costs. Such shareholder 
interactions may also impact our reputation, affect client and investor sentiments and cause volatility in the price of 
our equity shares and ADSs.
Our international expansion plans subject us to risks inherent to doing business internationally.
Because of our global presence, we are subject to additional risks related to our international expansion strategy, 
including risks related to compliance with a wide variety of treaties, national and local laws, including multiple and 
possibly overlapping tax regimes, privacy laws and laws dealing with data protection, export control laws, restrictions 
on the import and export of certain technologies and national and local labor laws dealing with immigration, employee 
health and safety, and wages and benefits, applicable to our employees located in our various international offices and 
facilities. We may from time to time be subject to litigation or administrative actions resulting from claims against us 
by current or former employees, individually or as part of a class action, including for claims of wrongful termination, 
discrimination (including on grounds of nationality, ethnicity, race, faith, gender, marital status, age or disability), 
misclassification, redundancy payments under Transfer of Undertakings - Protection of Employment (TUPE)-type 
legislation, or other violations of labor laws, or other alleged conduct. If we are held liable for unpaid compensation, 
redundancy payments, statutory penalties, and other damages arising out of such actions and litigations, our operating 
profitability could be adversely affected. 
Our ability to acquire companies organized outside India may depend on the approval of the RBI and the 
Government of India and failure to obtain this approval could negatively impact our business.
The RBI permits acquisitions of companies organized outside of India by an Indian party under the automatic route 
and without approval if inter alia, the transaction consideration is paid in cash, the transaction value does not exceed 
400% of the net worth of the acquiring company as of the date of the acquiring company’s latest audited balance sheet, 
if the acquisition is funded with cash from the acquiring company’s existing foreign currency accounts or with cash 
proceeds from the issuance of ADRs or GDRs, or if the proposed acquisition structure falls under the permitted list. 
However, any financial commitment exceeding $1 billion or its equivalent in a financial year, or certain types of 
acquisition structures requires prior approval of the RBI under the approval route, even when the total financial 
commitment of the Indian company is within 400% of the net worth of the acquiring company as per the last audited 
balance sheet.
If we fail to obtain any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency for such acquisitions of 
companies organized outside India, our international growth may become restricted, which could negatively affect 
our business and prospects.
Indian laws limit our ability to raise capital outside India and may limit the ability of others to acquire us, which 
could prevent us from operating our business or entering into a transaction that is in the best interests of our 
shareholders.
Indian law relating to foreign exchange management constrains our ability to raise capital outside India through the 
issuance of equity or convertible debt securities. Generally, any foreign investment in, or acquisition of, an Indian 
company does not require the approval from relevant government authorities in India, including the RBI. However, 
in a number of industrial sectors, there are restrictions on foreign investment in Indian companies. Changes to the 
policies may create restrictions on our capital raising abilities. For example, a limit on the foreign equity ownership 
of Indian technology companies or pricing restrictions on the issuance of ADRs / GDRs may constrain our ability to 
seek and obtain additional equity investment by foreign investors. In addition, these restrictions, if applied to us, may 
prevent us from entering into certain transactions, such as an acquisition by a non-Indian company, which might 
otherwise be beneficial for us and the holders of our equity shares and ADSs.
VIII.    Risks related to the ADSs
Historically, our ADSs have traded at a significant premium to the trading prices of our underlying equity shares. 
Currently, they do not do so, and they may not continue to do so in the future.
In the past, our ADSs have traded at a premium to the trading prices of our underlying equity shares on the Indian 
stock exchanges. We believe that this price premium has resulted from the relatively small portion of our market 
capitalization previously represented by ADSs, restrictions imposed by Indian law on the conversion of equity shares 
into ADSs and an apparent preference of some investors to trade dollar-denominated securities. We have completed 
three secondary ADS offerings which significantly increased the number of our outstanding ADSs. Also, over time, 
the restrictions on the issuance of ADSs imposed by Indian law have been relaxed. As a result, our ADSs do not 
command any premium currently and may not trade at a premium in the future.
In the past several years, the premium on ADSs compared to equity shares has significantly narrowed. If a substantial 
amount of our ADSs is converted into underlying equity shares in India, it could affect the liquidity of such ADSs on 
the New York Stock Exchange and could impact the price of our ADSs. 
Sales of our equity shares may adversely affect the prices of our equity shares and ADSs.
Sales of substantial amounts of our equity shares, including sales by our insiders in the public market, or the perception 
that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our equity shares, ADSs or our ability 
to raise capital through an offering of our securities. In the future, we may also sponsor the sale of shares currently 
held by some of our shareholders as we have done in the past, or issue new shares. We can make no prediction as to 
the timing of any such sales or the effect, if any, that future sales of our equity shares, or the availability of our equity 
shares for future sale, will have on the market price of our equity shares or ADSs prevailing from time to time.
The price of our ADSs and the U.S. dollar value of any dividends we declare may be negatively affected by 
fluctuations in the U.S. dollar to Indian rupee exchange rate. 
 
Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Indian rupee and the U.S. dollar will affect the dollar conversion by 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the Depositary with respect to our ADSs, of any cash dividends paid in 
Indian rupees on the equity shares represented by the ADSs. 
An investor in our ADSs may not be able to exercise pre-emptive rights for additional shares and may thereby 
suffer dilution of such investor’s equity interest in us.
Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013, a company incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-
emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership 
percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless such pre-emptive rights have been waived by three-
fourths of the shareholders (based on percentage of shareholding in the company) voting on the resolution to waive 
such rights. Holders of ADSs may be unable to exercise pre-emptive rights for equity shares underlying ADSs unless 
a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, or the Securities Act, is effective with respect 
to such rights or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available. We are not 
obligated to prepare and file such a registration statement and our decision to do so will depend on the costs and 
potential liabilities associated with any such registration statement, as well as the perceived benefits of enabling the 
holders of ADSs to exercise their pre-emptive rights, and any other factors we consider appropriate at the time. No 
assurance can be given that we would file a registration statement under these circumstances. If we issue any such 
securities in the future, such securities may be issued to the Depositary, which may sell such securities for the benefit 
of the holders of the ADSs. There can be no assurance as to the value, if any, the Depositary would receive upon the 
sale of such securities. To the extent that holders of ADSs are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect 
of the equity shares represented by their ADSs, their proportional interests in us would be reduced.
ADS holders may be restricted in their ability to exercise voting rights.
The SEBI Listing Regulations and the Indian Companies Act, 2013 provide that an e-voting facility must be 
mandatorily provided to all shareholder resolutions in accordance with prescribed procedure under the Indian 
Companies Act, 2013. This may mean that ADS holders may be able to vote on our resolutions irrespective of where 
they are located or whether they are able to attend the meetings of shareholders. At our request, the Depositary will 
electronically mail to holders of our ADSs any notice of shareholders’ meeting received from us together with 
information explaining how to instruct the Depositary to exercise the voting rights of the securities represented by 
ADSs. If the Depositary receives voting instructions from a holder of our ADSs in time, relating to matters that have 
been forwarded to such holder, it will endeavor to vote the securities represented by such holder’s ADSs in accordance 
with such voting instructions. However, the ability of the Depositary to carry out voting instructions may be limited 
by practical and legal limitations and the terms of the securities on deposit. We cannot assure that holders of our ADSs 
will receive voting materials in time to enable such holders to return voting instructions to the Depositary in a timely 
manner. Securities for which no voting instructions have been received will not be voted. There may be other 
communications, notices or offerings that we only make to holders of our equity shares, which will not be forwarded 
to holders of ADSs. Accordingly, holders of our ADSs may not be able to participate in all offerings, transactions or 
votes that are made available to holders of our equity shares.
ADS holders may be restricted in their ability to participate in a buy-back of shares offered by us. 
Under Indian law, a company may acquire its own equity shares without seeking the approval of the court or tribunal 
in compliance with prescribed rules, regulations and conditions of the Indian Companies Act, 2013. In addition, public 
companies which are listed on a recognized stock exchange in India must comply with the provisions of the SEBI 
(Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (Buy-back Regulations). Since we are a public company listed on two 
recognized stock exchanges in India, we would have to comply with the relevant provisions of the Indian Companies 
Act, 2013 and the provisions of the Buy-back Regulations. In order for the ADS holders to participate in a company's 
purchase of its own shares under the open market route through the Indian stock exchanges, the ADS holders need to 
take certain actions in order to convert the ADS into equity shares and sell the equity shares through the Indian stock 
exchanges. 
It may be difficult for holders of our ADSs to enforce any judgment obtained in the United States against us.
As we are incorporated under the laws of India and are primarily located outside the United States, holders of our 
ADSs may find it difficult to effect service of process upon us outside the United States. In addition, holders of our 
ADSs may be unable to enforce judgments against us if such judgments are obtained in courts of the United States, 
including judgments predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States.
The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of 
judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment 
of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States on the basis of civil liability, whether or not 
predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, would not be executable by an Indian court. 
However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India 
based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States. The suit must be brought in India within three 
years from the date of the judgment by court in the United States in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce 
a civil liability in India. It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court 
if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it 
viewed the amount of damages awarded as conflicting with Indian Law. Separately, RBI approval will be required 
under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, to repatriate any amounts outside India as damages including 
pursuant to the execution of a judgment.
Holders of ADSs are subject to the Securities and Exchange Board of India’s Takeover Code with respect to their 
acquisitions of ADSs or the underlying equity shares, and this may impose requirements on such holders with 
respect to disclosure and offers to purchase additional ADSs or equity shares.
The SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011 (the Takeover Code) is applicable to 
publicly listed Indian companies. Therefore, the provisions of the Takeover Code apply to us and to any person 
acquiring our equity shares or voting rights in our company, such as those represented by our ADSs.
The acquisition of shares or voting rights which entitle the acquirer, along with persons acting in concert with the 
acquirer, to exercise 25% or more of the voting rights in or control over the target company triggers a requirement for 
the acquirer to make an open offer to acquire at least 26% of the total shares of the target company for an offer price 
determined as per the provisions of the Takeover Code. The acquirer is required to make a public announcement for 
an open offer on the date on which it is agreed to acquire such shares or voting rights. In the event that pursuant to the 
open offer, the shareholding of the acquirer along with the persons acting in concert with the acquirer exceeds the 
maximum permissible non-public shareholding, the acquirer is required to bring down the non-public shareholding in 
line with the limits prescribed and the timeline as prescribed under the Securities Contract (Regulation) Rules, 1957. 
Furthermore, acquisition of shares or voting rights by an acquirer who holds 25% or more of the voting rights in the 
target company (along with persons acting in concert with the acquirer), shall make an open offer to acquire additional 
shares or voting rights which entitle the acquirer (along with persons acting in concert with the acquirer) to exercise 
more than 5% of voting rights in the target company.
Upon the acquisition of shares or voting rights in a publicly listed Indian company such that the aggregate share-
holding of the acquirer (meaning a person who directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting 
rights in a target company, or acquires or agrees to acquire control over the target company, either by himself or 
together with any person acting in concert) is 5% or more of the shares of the company, the acquirer is required, within 
two working days of such acquisition, to disclose the aggregate shareholding and voting rights in the company to the 
company and to the stock exchanges in which the shares of the company are listed.
Further, an acquirer who, together with persons acting in concert with him, holds shares or voting rights entitling them 
to 5% or more of the shares or voting rights in a target company, acquires or sells shares representing 2% or more of 
the shares or voting rights of the company must disclose, within two working days of such acquisition, sale or receipt 
of intimation of allotment of such shares, the acquirer's revised shareholding to the company and to the stock 
exchanges on which the shares of the company are listed. This disclosure is required, in case of a sale, even if such 
sale results in the shareholding of the acquirer falling below 5%. 
The Takeover Code may impose conditions that discourage a potential acquirer, which could prevent an acquisition 
of our company in a transaction that could be beneficial for our equity holders. For example, under the Takeover Code, 
persons who acquire 5% or more of the shares of a company are required, within two working days of such acquisition, 
to disclose the aggregate shareholding and voting rights in the company to the company and to the stock exchanges 
on which the shares of the company are listed. 
Additionally, holders of 5% or more of the shares or voting rights of a company who acquire or dispose of shares 
representing 2% or more of the shares or voting rights of the company must disclose, within two working days of such 
transaction their revised shareholding to the company and to the stock exchanges on which the shares of the company 
are listed. This disclosure is required even if the transaction is a sale which results in the holder’s ownership falling 
below 5%.
Indian regulations may regulate or restrict remittance of ADR dividend or conversion of ADR into Indian equity shares 
which may impact investor sentiments.
The reintroduction of dividend distribution tax rate or introduction of new forms of taxes on distribution of profits 
or changes to the basis of application of these taxes and/or changes to Buyback regulations could adversely affect 
the returns to our shareholders.
Effective fiscal 2020, we expect to return approximately 85% of the free cash flow cumulatively over a five-year 
period through a combination of semi-annual dividends and/or share buyback and/or special dividends, subject to 
applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any. Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities 
less capital expenditure as per the consolidated statement of cash flows prepared under IFRS. Dividend and buyback 
include applicable taxes. We declare and pay dividends in Indian rupees. The Finance Act 2020 has replaced the 
Dividend Distribution Tax with the classical system of dividend taxation wherein dividend income will be taxed in 
the hands of the shareholders at their respective applicable tax rates. In light of the above changes under the Income-
Tax Act, a company paying dividends to shareholders is required to do withholding of tax at the applicable rates 
prescribed under Income Tax Act read along Tax Treaty with respective countries (together with MLI as applicable) 
subject to providing various Tax forms including Tax Residency certificate by non-resident shareholders.
If the effective rate of tax at source on dividend increases in future, or new forms of taxes on distribution of profits 
are introduced, the dividend amount receivable by our shareholders after taxes may decrease further.
Indian listed companies which have made a public announcement in respect of a buyback of shares after July 5, 2019, 
are liable for additional income tax on the buyback of shares of listed companies under section 115QA of the Income 
Tax Act. Therefore, all Indian companies are subject to tax on buyback of shares. Correspondingly, an income tax 
exemption to shareholders under section 10(34A) of the Income Tax Act is provided.
Buyback regulations in India have been recently amended as per which open market buyback (through stock 
exchanges) will be phased out and not permitted from April 1, 2025. The last 3 buybacks done by the company were 
open market buybacks. Open market has been the preferred mode of buyback since it allows the company to buy 
shares at market price and hence has higher EPS accretion compared to tender buyback, apart from ease in execution 
of the same. However, under the new regulation, with open market buyback being phased out, our ability to do 
buybacks and provide higher EPS accretion for remaining shareholders may be impacted.
Item 4. Information on the Company
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Infosys is a leading provider of consulting, technology, outsourcing and next-generation digital services, enabling 
clients around the world to create and execute strategies for their digital transformation.
Our vision is to build a globally respected organization delivering best-of-breed business solutions, leveraging 
technology, delivered by best-in-class people. We are guided by our value system which motivates our attitudes and 
actions. Our core values are Client Value, Leadership by Example, Integrity and Transparency, Fairness and 
Excellence (C-LIFE).  
Our primary geographic markets are North America, Europe, rest of the World, and India, which generated 61.8%, 
25.7%, 9.9% and 2.6% of our revenues in fiscal 2023 respectively. We serve clients in the following industries: 
financial services and insurance; retail; consumer packaged goods and logistics; communication; telecom original 
equipment manufacturer (“OEM”) and media; energy, utilities, resources and services; manufacturing; hi-tech; life 
sciences and health care.
Our revenues grew from $11,799 million in fiscal 2019 to $18,212 million in fiscal 2023, representing a compound 
annualized growth rate of 11.5%. Our net profit grew from $2,200 million to $2,983 million during the same period, 
representing a compound annualized growth rate of 7.9%.
Between March 31, 2019, and March 31, 2023, our total employees grew from 228,123 to 343,234, representing a 
compound annualized growth rate of 10.8%.
A. HISTORY AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE COMPANY
We were incorporated on July 2, 1981, in Pune, Maharashtra, India, as Infosys Consultants Private Limited, a private 
limited company under the Indian Companies Act, 1956. We changed our name to Infosys Technologies Private 
Limited in April 1992 and to Infosys Technologies Limited in June 1992, when we became a public limited company. 
In June 2011, we changed our name from Infosys Technologies Limited to Infosys Limited, following approval of the 
name change by our Board, shareholders, and the Indian regulatory authorities. The name change was intended to 
reflect our transition from a provider of technology services to a partner with our clients solving business problems 
by leveraging technology. We made an initial public offering of equity shares in India in February 1993 and were 
listed on stock exchanges in India in June 1993. We completed our initial public offering of American Depositary 
Shares (“ADSs”) in the United States in 1999. In August 2003, June 2005 and November 2006, we completed 
sponsored secondary offerings of ADSs in the United States on behalf of our shareholders. Each of our 2005 and 2006 
sponsored secondary offerings also included a Public Offering Without Listing in Japan. In 2008, we were selected as 
an original component member of 'The Global Dow', a worldwide stock index made up of 150 leading blue-chip 
stocks. Following our voluntary delisting from the NASDAQ Global Select Market on December 11, 2012, we began 
trading of our ADSs on the NYSE on December 12, 2012, under the ticker symbol INFY. We were inducted into the 
Dow Jones Sustainability Indices in fiscal 2018.
Refer to Note 2.20 “Related party transactions” in Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F for the list of our 
subsidiaries.
The address of our registered office is Electronics City, Hosur Road, Bengaluru-560 100, Karnataka, India. The 
telephone number of our registered office is +91-80-2852-0261. Our agent for service of process in the United States 
is CT Corporation System, 1350 Treat Boulevard, Suite 100, Walnut Creek, CA 94597-2152. Our website address is 
www.infosys.com and the information contained in our website does not constitute a part of this Annual Report on 
Form 20-F.
Principal Capital Expenditures and Divestitures
Capital expenditure
In fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, we spent $319 million, $290 million and $285 million, respectively, on capital 
expenditures. All our capital expenditures were financed out of cash generated from operations. As of March 31, 2023, 
we had contractual commitments of $117 million for capital expenditure. These commitments included $100 million 
in domestic purchases and $17 million in overseas commitments.
Acquisition
During fiscal 2023, the Group, completed two business combinations to complement its digital offerings by acquiring 
100% voting interests in:
(i) oddity GmbH, oddity group services GmbH, oddity space GmbH, oddity jungle GmbH, oddity code 
GmbH and oddity waves GmbH (collectively known as "oddity"), a Germany-based digital marketing, 
experience, and commerce agency, on April 20, 2022; and 
(ii) BASE life science A/S (“BASE”), a technology and consulting firm in the life sciences industry in Europe, 
on September 1, 2022.
 
The aggregate purchase consideration of the two acquisitions of $122 million included cash consideration of $116 
million and contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of $6 million as on the date of acquisition. 
 
Additionally, these acquisitions have employee retention bonuses payable to the employees of the acquiree over three 
years, subject to their continuous employment with the Group along with the achievement of certain financial targets. 
Performance and Retention Bonus is recognized in employee benefit expenses in the Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income over the period of service.
B. BUSINESS OVERVIEW
OUR INDUSTRY
Technology is transforming businesses in every industry around the world in a profound and fundamental way. In 
fiscal 2023, we saw emerging technologies, like generative AI, 5G, Low Code No Code, and responsible business 
approaches embracing ESG gain traction. We continued to witness an acceleration in the adoption of digital 
technologies as businesses attempted to reimagine their cost structures, increase business resilience and agility, 
personalize experiences for their customers and employees, and launch new and disruptive products and services.
Leveraging technologies and models of the digital era to both extend the value of existing investments and, in parallel, 
transform and future proof businesses, is increasingly becoming a top strategic imperative for business leaders. From 
an IT perspective, the last year has seen technologies of scale that could tip the competitive scales for decades to come. 
Today’s technologies continue to enable us to re-imagine human-machine interfaces, extracting value out of digitized 
data: building next generation software applications and platforms harnessing the efficiency of distributed cloud 
computing, and modernizing legacy technology landscapes and strengthening information security and data privacy 
controls.
The fast pace of technology change and the need for technology professionals who are highly skilled in both the 
traditional and digital technology areas are driving businesses to build strategic partnerships to realize their  
transformation journey. 
 
We are also in the third wave of AI evolution. The first was driven by Machine Learning, the second by Deep Learning 
and the third by Foundation Models that will enable us to further fine-tune the necessities of specialized domains and 
tasks.
 
The future of the technology industry continues to be shaped by the following trends: 
•Accelerated demand for IT services with digital going mainstream and growth pockets emerging in areas 
like cloud, AI, cybersecurity, IoT and immersive technologies
•Focus on cost takeouts to deal with the uncertain global environment
•Greater leverage of general-purpose AI technology 
•Increase in enterprise spending on hybrid, multi-cloud led transformation
•An intense competition for talent as clients embrace new ways of working, coupled with scarcity of niche 
digital skills
•Proliferation of tech natives and large enterprises responding by reinventing digital business models
•Intense competition for talent as enterprises embrace new ways of working amid scarcity of niche digital 
skills
•Focus on Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) as a strategic theme for all enterprise stakeholders 
OUR STRATEGY
Our strategic objective is to build a sustainable and resilient organization that remains relevant to the agenda of our 
clients, while creating growth opportunities for our employees, generating profitable returns for our investors and 
contributing to the communities that we operate in.
Our clients and prospective clients are faced with transformative business opportunities due to advances in software 
and computing technology. These organizations are dealing with the challenge of having to reinvent their core 
offerings, processes and systems rapidly and position themselves as “digitally enabled”. The journey to the digital 
future requires not just an understanding of new technologies and new ways of working, but a deep appreciation of 
existing technology landscapes, business processes and practices. Our strategy is to be a navigator for our clients as 
they ideate, plan and execute on their journey to a digital future.
 
In 2018, we embraced a four-pronged strategy to strengthen our relevance with clients and drive accelerated value 
creation:
1.      Scale Agile Digital
2.      Energize the Core
3.      Reskill our People
4.      Expand Localization
We believe the investments we have made, and continue to make, in our strategy will enable us to advise and help our 
clients as they tackle the current market conditions. Further, we have been able to successfully enable most of our 
employees worldwide to work remotely and securely – giving us the operational stability to deliver on client 
commitments and ensuring our own business continuity. 
 
Over the last few years, we have executed on this strategy and generated significant outcomes as described further 
below: 
1. Scale Agile Digital: Our revenue from digital technology related services and solutions has more than 
doubled in the last three years, and now comprises 62.2% of our total revenue. We are rated as a “leader” 
in 56 industry analyst ratings across our digital offerings. These outcomes are a result of investments we 
have made to expand our digital footprint via reskilling of our employees, targeted acquisitions, strong 
ecosystem partnerships, innovation experience centers across the world, intellectual property 
development, reconfiguring our workspaces for agile software development and enhancing our brand.
During the fiscal, we completed the acquisition of oddity to augment our human experience capabilities 
in Europe. Through our academia partnerships with Purdue, Trinity, RISD and eCornell, we have trained 
over 7,500 employees in niche digital skills.
Our Insight and data analytics services and solutions were further strengthened by our Infosys Applied AI 
solutions, coupled with the Infosys Data Workbench. Our AI platform, Infosys Applied AI, helps 
enterprises adopt a comprehensive approach to scaling enterprise-grade AI for their businesses. Our Core 
AI Engineering will focus on identifying, fine tuning and deploying models, API’s and platforms in a 
responsible manner for building AI products.
Our Innovate-related services and solutions are boosted by workspaces that have been specifically 
redesigned for agile software development, teams reskilled in agile methodologies, certified scrum 
masters and capabilities in horizontal technologies such as 5G, autonomous tech, product engineering, 
internet of things and blockchain.
Our Accelerate-related services are aimed at rapidly transforming our clients’ legacy technology 
landscapes and processes with digital technology. We invested in and built strong partnerships with cloud 
hyperscalers such as AWS, GCP and Microsoft Azure, and SaaS providers.  
Infosys Equinox, our flagship digital commerce platform, is a set of core microservices encompassing all 
digital commerce scenarios to help enterprises rapidly build and deploy features across all touchpoints 
and channels, without the friction associated with legacy platforms.
Our Automation and AI services grew on the back of our alliances with leading Robotic Process 
Automation ("RPA") solution providers, AI infrastructure players like Nvidia and niche AI players, 
powered by our best-in-class solutions, IP and frameworks. We have automated over 50,000 processes 
for our clients and have over 12,000 ready use cases across industries. 
Our Assure-related services, in software testing and cybersecurity, continued to grow with investments in 
Cyber Gaze, our cybersecurity dashboard and suite of related applications.
2. Energize the Core: Leveraging automation and AI, we are winning and executing several engagements 
for our clients to modernize their core legacy technology and process landscapes. We made significant 
investments in our “Live Enterprise” platform, including our Bot Factory of preconfigured automation 
bots and Live Enterprise Application Management Platform (“LEAP”), our platform for optimizing large 
scale application maintenance and reengineering.
 
In fiscal 2023, we won a total contract value of over $9.8 billion in large deals, continuing to demonstrate 
our capabilities and competitiveness in executing complex transformation programs. In addition, 
investments in our own internal systems, reimagination of our internal processes and automation of 
software development processes have helped increase our agility, boost productivity and enhance our 
competitiveness even in the current paradigm of hybrid working.
 
3. Reskill our People: Continuous learning and reskilling has always been integral to our operating model. 
We operate our reskilling program with the twin objectives of increasing fulfillment of demand for digital 
skills in client projects and for enriching the expertise of our global workforce in next generation 
technologies and methodologies. We invested in, and scaled, our digital reskilling program globally. Our 
programs now also encompass the latest courses on generative AI landscape.
 
Lex, our inhouse developed, anytime-anywhere-learning platform, offers over 14,800 courses curated for 
easy consumption on mobile devices with advanced telemetry, gamification and certification features. 
Over 325,000 of our employees use Lex and are spending approximately 3.3 million training days 
compared to 2.3 million in the last fiscal year.
 
Our platforms are also being enhanced with generative AI aspects.
 
4. Expand Localization: With the objective of creating differentiated talent pools and ecosystems in our 
markets, we made significant investments in expanding our local workforce in the United States, UK, 
Europe, Japan, China, Canada and Australia. We established innovation hubs, near-shore centers and 
digital design studios across geographies. Further, we expanded our university and community college 
partnerships in all these regions to aid internships, recruitment, training and joint research. In fiscal 2023, 
we recruited over 10,169 employees locally in our markets, of which 2,216 were fresh graduates. 
 
Looking ahead, and to continue staying relevant to the emerging needs of our clients, we prioritize:
•Scaling our cloud capabilities, especially around cloud advisory, data on cloud, cloud security, SaaS, 
PaaS, IaaS and private cloud;
•Expanding capabilities in key digital technology areas such as AI, product engineering, cybersecurity and 
human experience;
•Strengthening our employee value proposition for the newer contexts of work and workplace;
•Running our operations in a cost-effective and agile manner, including increasing the levels of automation 
in our service delivery; 
•Delivering on our ESG commitments, while at the same time enabling our clients to realize their 
sustainability goals.
OUR STRUCTURE
Our go-to-market business units are organized as:
•Financial Services and Insurance
•Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics
•Communications, Telecom OEM and Media
•Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services
•Manufacturing
•Hi-Tech 
•Life Sciences and Healthcare
•Others, which includes India, Japan, China, Infosys Public Services and other enterprises in public 
services
 
Our solutions have been primarily classified as digital and core.
Digital:
•Experience
•Insight
•Innovate 
•Accelerate
•Assure
Core:
•Application management services
•Proprietary application development services
•Independent validation solutions
•Product engineering and management
•Infrastructure management services
•Traditional enterprise application implementation
•Support and integration services
•Business Process Management
Our Products & Platforms include:
•Infosys Finacle®
•EdgeVerve
•Infosys McCamish
•Panaya® 
•Stater Mortgage Services
•Wingspan®
•Infosys Meridian
•Infosys Helix
•Infosys Equinox
•Infosys Cyber Next 
•Infosys Applied AI 
•Infosys Live Enterprise Application Suite 
•Infosys Cortex
OUR SOLUTIONS AND CAPABILITIES
We provide our clients with a full range of business and technology solutions and capabilities, comprising:
1)  Consulting
Infosys Global Consulting services help global corporations to develop solutions tailored to address their complex 
business challenges and create value through sustainable innovation. Our approach, with an eye on execution, 
combines creative thinking, industry expertise and global reach to enable companies achieve market-leading 
performance. We use design thinking to drive innovation for our clients while renewing their IT landscapes non-
disruptively. We go beyond being traditional advisors and develop innovative strategies and solutions for clients by 
combining new disruptive technologies including AI and automation, open source software and start-up ideas.
We are defining, designing and delivering value to corporations across industries such as financial services, insurance, 
retail, consumer packaged goods, logistics, energy, utilities, healthcare, life sciences, manufacturing, communications, 
resources, services (e.g. airlines, hospitality) and Hi-tech in the United States, Latin America, Europe, Asia, Australia, 
Canada, New Zealand and other geographies.
We offer consulting services in the areas of Business Transformation, Strategy and Architecture, Supply Chain, 
Enterprise Processes, Enterprise Applications, Digital Transformation, Insights & Analytics, and Change Management 
& Learning.
Business Transformation: We enable clients to define and deliver technology-enabled transformations of their 
business. We also help clients implement their transformation strategy, including mergers & acquisitions, and manage 
and govern these programs.
Strategy and Architecture: We enable clients to get the best value from technology by developing an IT strategy, 
optimizing applications and infrastructure, implementing IT operating models, and governing their technical 
architecture for reliability and security.
Supply Chain: We optimize product flow from planning and procurement through reverse logistics by applying 
innovative digital and automated solutions. Our point and end-to-end solutions focus on reducing cost and increasing 
efficiency using process and technology tools across the product supply chain.
Enterprise Processes: We design the overall process model and eliminate organizational gaps to help clients achieve 
efficient processes. We also aid in building their supply chain and operation capabilities, addressing key challenges in 
finance functions and enhancing employee productivity.
Enterprise Applications: We offer Enterprise Application-enabled business transformation programs, and design and 
implementation of Oracle and SAP solutions. Our experience and knowledge in HANA strategy and technical  
architecture help us build HANA capabilities for clients. We offer HANA advisory and center of excellence services, 
platform services and business suite for SAP HANA (S/4).
Digital Transformation: Enabling clients to focus on their complete value chain, we offer customer relationship 
management, multi-channel commerce and digital marketing to improve customer experience and increase customer 
acquisition.
Insights and Analytics: We help clients utilize data, insights and real-time predictive analysis for better decision-
making and optimizing processes. We provide a holistic service package from strategy to implementation, as well as 
advice on running master data management programs internally or externally.
Change Management and Learning: We help clients define and implement change agendas to streamline business 
objectives and enable new operational structures. We leverage latest technologies and social trends to help them 
enhance and retain knowledge, reduce learning costs, and comply with regulatory requirements.
Infosys Knowledge Institute (“IKI”)
IKI harnesses the intellectual capital of Infosys’ subject matter experts to produce unique and fresh content and insights 
on the business impact that technology can drive for prospects and clients. IKI also develops its proprietary data and 
insights through multiple large-scale surveys and quantitative analysis. These are published through its flagship Radar 
maturity assessments, the annual Tech Navigator report on future trends and the ongoing TechCompass tech trends 
series. IKI has collaborated with 500 clients and created over 1,000 assets since inception.
2) Enterprise Solutions 
SAP
The Infosys SAP Practice provides SAP services to help our clients transform their operations, streamline and 
standardize business processes to ensure consistency across countries, consolidate platforms, and replace legacy 
systems with SAP applications. Our core SAP offerings include end-to-end SAP-enabled business transformation, S/4 
HANA cloud transformation, package evaluation, package implementation services, global deployments, upgrades, 
master data management, business intelligence and analytics (HANA and S/4HANA), integration, mobility solutions, 
enterprise risk management, enterprise performance management, SAP basis and technology, and production support 
and maintenance services. We have a strong focus on the latest SAP technologies and products, and also provide 
platform-based offerings to our clients. Additionally, this Practice has expertise in industry-specific SAP solutions.
Oracle
The Infosys Oracle Practice provides end-to-end Oracle offerings to help transform our clients’ businesses and 
Enterprise Resource Planning (“ERP”) landscape. Our focus is on Oracle implementations, business transformation 
services, global rollouts, and application development, support and maintenance offerings. We have deep expertise 
across Oracle products and platforms, including next-generation offerings in Fusion Apps, Exadata capabilities, and 
Oracle Cloud offerings in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure, Human Capital Management and Customer Relationship 
Management (“CRM”). We have developed industry-specific Oracle solutions that our clients have implemented. We 
have also made significant investments in delivering core Oracle technologies, including the establishment of 
exclusive joint innovation centers and Centers of Excellence that are used in our client engagements.
Enterprise Application Integration (“EAIS”)
The EAIS Practice helps customers renew their core business and innovate into new business through accelerated 
digitization in our focus areas - experience, digitization, connected devices, and new business models. At the core of 
EAIS is bringing together disparate systems through the use of next generation integration technologies along with 
best of breed enterprise applications. The fundamental themes of our offering involve helping customers renew their 
core business and innovate into new business through accelerated digitization of processes and technology, Service  
Oriented Architecture (“SoA”), Digital Process Automation (“DPA”), BPM, and Application Program Interface 
(“API”) along with Supply Chain Management (“SCM”) solutions like Maximo. The focus areas are:
•The SCM & Enterprise Asset Management (“EAM”) Practice, which has in-depth expertise in creating 
point solutions on Order Management Systems (“OMS”), Warehouse Management Systems (“WMS”), 
Planning, Procurement and EAM solutions for retail, manufacturing, energy, communications and 
financial services industries. EAIS also has multiple product offerings including Ariba, Blue Yonder, 
Sterling OMS, Manhattan WMS, and IBM Maximo.
•The SoA & EAI Practice, which offers standardized and centralized integrated solutions to optimize SoA 
transformation for global enterprises with in-depth and clear-cut SoA Strategy, Architecture and 
Implementation. With proven capabilities to build industry-related solutions on various technology 
platforms, this Practice offers competitive and flexible engagement models with seamless delivery using 
automated integrated platforms. Product offerings include TIBCO, IM, SAG/WEBMETHODS and 
BIZTALK.
•The API & Microservices Practice, a dedicated competency focused on implementing APIs as the new 
method of connecting and developing new applications, within and outside the enterprise. The API 
Economy is about instrumenting the systems, by carving fire-lanes of APIs and managing APIs using 
modern tools, so that evolution of frontends and back-ends can be decoupled. A dedicated competency at 
EAIS is involved in executing API management projects, building skills on API management, and creating 
thought leadership in API management space, with experts across multiple API solutions.
•BPM Solutions Practice, to help global enterprises overcome business challenges through process 
orchestration, rules implementation, simplifying business process, improving productivity and reducing 
costs, and time-to-market.
Microsoft Business Applications Services Practice
Our focus is to help our clients transform to agile, live and digital enterprises with renewed Business Applications 
across Enterprise Functions of Supply Chain, Finance, Distribution, Sales, Marketing, Service, Operations, Omni 
Channel, Smart Retail, and Customer Insights. Complemented by MS Power Platform which enables to automate 
Digital Transformation on Edges & Last Mile Experience.
•The Microsoft Dynamics Practice, which caters to the business needs of both large enterprises and mid-
sized organizations by providing end-to-end services on Microsoft Dynamics™ AX, Microsoft 
Dynamics™ NAV and Microsoft Dynamics™ CRM. These solutions lower the total cost of ownership 
and ensure higher and quicker return on investment, thus enabling customers to use Microsoft 
Dynamics™ to maximize their business value and improve their competitiveness.
Enterprise Cloud Application Solutions (“ECAS”)
The ECAS Practice has been a Salesforce partner for more than a decade and provides end-to-end consulting, 
implementation, integration, and support services on customer experience platforms that include Sales Cloud, Service 
Cloud, Marketing Cloud, App Cloud, Community Cloud, Heroku, Internet of Things (IoT), Wave Analytics, and many 
AppExchange technologies. As Platinum partners of Salesforce, we have liaised with Salesforce and invested heavily 
in creating Centers of Excellence. We have formed valuable collaborations with other Salesforce ISV partners and 
have capabilities in Apttus, CloudSense, CloudCraze, ServiceMax, and Financialforce. We have vertical competencies 
on Health Cloud and Financial Services Cloud and have developed native Salesforce solutions for life sciences, 
consumer packaged goods (“CPG”), retail, manufacturing, and high-tech micro-verticals.
Our acquisition of Fluido and Simplus, leading Salesforce advisors and consulting partners in the Nordics and 
Americas region and recognized leaders in cloud consulting, implementation and training services, continues to enable 
us to execute on our strategy to help clients navigate the next in their digital transformation journey. This acquisition  
strengthens our position as a leading Salesforce enterprise cloud services provider and enhances our ability to provide 
clients an unparalleled cloud-first transformation.
Through these acquisitions, we further elevated our position as an end-to-end Salesforce enterprise cloud solutions 
and services provider, offering clients unparalleled capabilities for cloud-first digital transformation.
Digital Design and Experience Capabilities
Digital technology continues to impact our world through its transformative capability and pervasive impact. Digital 
is at the top of the agenda for most of our clients, resulting in strong demand for our services. Infosys digital design 
and experience drives end-to-end digital transformation solutions for our clients to meet the rapidly ever-evolving 
demands of their consumers. 
Our key offerings include:
•Strategy & Consulting: Our multidisciplinary, broadly informed consulting team leverages the 
connected screen and touch point neutral strategies to help our clients effectively reimagine, reshape and 
retool their ’ businesses to drive rapid change and better position them for growth in a digital world.
•Experience: We focus on enabling our customers to better connect with consumers, partners and 
employees. Our specific offerings in this area are an omni-channel experience, omni-channel commerce, 
digital marketing, and developing a workforce of the future.
•Digitization: We focus on optimizing operations and simplifying processes for our customers, to enable 
them to provide better experiences. Our specific offerings in this area include the digitization and 
simplification of processes, business process management, process SaaSification (Software on the Cloud) 
wrap and renew and supply chain planning and fulfillment.
•E-commerce: We combine strong digital commerce strategies and significant technology implementation 
with proven execution experience. Our partners represent the breadth and depth of front-office and back-
office services, which drive end-to-end, world-class customer experience.
•E2E Digital Operations: We address the consumer demands of the digital age by providing a turnkey 
service, which enables our clients to bring their digital advertising operations (AdOps, Search Engine 
Optimization, Search Engine Marketing, omni-channel commerce, social media) into the enterprise to 
maximize speed-to-market and personalization.
•Mobility: As smart devices become increasingly more pervasive and intrinsic in our lives, enterprises are 
eagerly looking for ways to leverage this phenomenon and transform their businesses. The Mobility 
Practice at Infosys Digital plays a pivotal role in ‘smart devices-led digital transformation’ for our clients.
We accelerate the deployment of mobility-driven solutions through our pre-built solutions and reference 
architectures, industry-leading tools and frameworks, and an eco-system of innovative partner 
capabilities. 
We continue to invest in research initiatives, experience design labs, the latest testing and automation 
tools, Digital Academy, User Experience Labs, and in our mobile centers of excellence along with 
enhancing the Infosys Equinox Digital Commerce and Marketing platform. Our digital alliances, 
acquisitions and partnerships with leading strategic and innovative players are essential to our clients with 
end-to-end capabilities across the consulting, creative, technology and operations functions. 
Our acquisitions to accelerate Digital Design and Experience Capabilities including WongDoody, Blue Acorn and 
Oddity help us to leverage award-winning, globally recognized strategic and creative capabilities to create the digital 
products, services and campaigns of the future, helping align CMOs and CIOs around their most critical initiatives. 
These acquisitions further strengthen Infosys’ creative, branding and experience design capabilities, and demonstrates 
our continued commitment to co-create with clients and help them navigate their digital transformation journey.
Application Development Capabilities 
We develop customized software solutions for our clients through projects that leverage a combination of our technical 
capabilities, domain understanding, consultative capabilities, intellectual property assets and methodologies. We aim 
to provide high-quality solutions that are secure, easy-to-deploy and modular, to facilitate enhancements and 
extensions. Our proprietary methodologies also allow our software applications to integrate stringent security 
measures throughout the software development lifecycle. Our vast pool of consultants and certified program 
management professionals help our clients execute both projects and large transformation programs. 
With the rapid embrace of digitization by our clients, Infosys has taken the lead to move away from the traditional 
waterfall development approach to an Agile and Scrum based approach supported by a robust DevOps framework. 
Infosys’ global Agile and Virtual Scrum (distributed Agile project execution platform) solutions embody the best 
practices developed from more than 1,000 projects. These best practices enable clients to leverage the benefits of 
globally distributed teams while retaining all the advantages of co-located Agile teams. Additionally, the service 
virtualization and continuous delivery frameworks, as part of the Infosys DevOps Ecosystem, ensure that, not just the 
development but also the delivery of IT solutions, embrace agility, which is the ultimate goal of our clients.
Our accelerated development ecosystem improves business agility and cycle time by leveraging standardized technical 
and business assets. Our Rapid Prototyping tool helps us engage with clients more effectively when gathering software 
requirements, and our Tabletop solution provides best-in-class collaboration to enable distributed story creation, 
design and development. Our Value Realization Method (VRM™) helps clients maximize business value early on in 
the lifecycle of a project, by driving measurable results along with Business Value Articulation, through process 
improvements, to ensure we track value effectively.
To enhance our Domain Consulting capabilities in the health sector; we acquired BASE in fiscal 2023. The acquisition 
reaffirmed our commitment to help global life sciences companies realize business value from cloud-first digital 
platforms and data, to speed-up clinical trials and scale drug development, positively impacting lives and achieving 
better health outcomes. Backed by a team of data science specialists, BASE is at the frontier of the latest technological 
developments and trends in life sciences. The company has a strong focus on data and AI and the ability to bridge and 
integrate business logic and technology, driving insights for better health outcomes.
Application Management Capabilities
Our Application Management services help our clients reduce their cost of IT operations, deliver higher business 
value, and bring technology innovation to transform and grow their business. We bring-in efficiencies through an 
industrialized, IP-based service delivery model. Through our automation platform, we enhance productivity and 
ensure consistent high-quality service delivery. Using machine learning algorithms and natural language processing, 
we are able to mine rich insights from IT support data and drive IT improvement strategies.
We help improve business availability through proactive monitoring of critical business processes using one of our 
IPs, thus reducing the impact of any potential business disruption. We have a structured, tool-based approach towards 
application portfolio analysis, which helps our clients harvest more value from existing assets. We also help our clients 
tap new technologies, to further grow and transform their business.
We have a dedicated team, which continuously monitors technology and business trends and develops solutions and 
accelerators that enable us to deliver best-in-class application management services to our clients.
Application Modernization Capabilities
Our Application Modernization services help modernize legacy systems to enhance flexibility, mitigate risk, minimize 
disruption, and lower costs. We address issues in the legacy system such as multiple technology platforms, high cost 
of maintenance, unsupported systems, shrinking employee expertise, lack of integration, and web capabilities. The 
services provide a metrics-based framework to help our clients choose from various modernization methods – such as 
web enabling, re-engineering, re-hosting, componentization, and new development.
Independent Validation Solutions 
Our Independent Validation Solutions Practice offers end-to-end validation solutions, and specialized testing services, 
such as SoA testing, data warehouse testing, package testing, test consulting and other testing services, to clients across 
various industry verticals. Also, in response to changing market and client demands, we have introduced new service 
offerings such as cloud testing, infrastructure testing, test environment management, agile testing and security testing. 
Our quality assurance solutions are aimed at building high reliability and predictability in our client technology 
systems, keeping in mind the time-to-market and optimization constraints.
We have invested internally in developing technology-based solutions for test lifecycle automation, non-functional 
testing and vertical-specific testing. We have also built alliances with leading test tool vendors such as Hewlett-
Packard Company, IBM, Microsoft Corporation, CA Technologies, Inc., Parasoft Corporation, Micro Focus 
International plc, Compuware Corporation and TestPlant Ltd., and are involved in building joint solutions with some 
of these alliance partners. These testing solutions facilitate high reliability in our clients’ applications and products, 
while enabling us to deliver such solutions cost-effectively and with a reduced time-to-market. Our dedicated testing 
professionals are trained at an in-house testing academy in various areas, including industry domains, technology, 
quality processes, testing methodologies and project management. We also use a best-of-breed approach to include 
industry-standard tools and our proprietary IP to achieve significant benefits across the testing lifecycle through the 
Infosys Test Lifecycle Platform, test management and data testing workbenches.
Our engagements span multiple geographies across business lines of our clients. We provide a broad range of services, 
including independent testing, maintenance testing, package testing for implementations, upgrades and roll outs, 
functional automation, performance testing, test process maturity assessment, Test Center of Excellence design and 
implementation, quality assurance transformation, and user acceptance testing. We provide these offerings through a 
‘Managed Testing Services’ model, with centers of specialization for test automation, performance testing, data 
warehouse testing, SoA testing, test data management, infrastructure testing and user acceptance testing. With our 
managed testing services model and our test consulting services, we have played a key role in transforming our clients’ 
testing organizations, leading to continuous improvements in quality at reduced costs.
Data and Analytics
Our Data and Analytics (“DNA”) service helps customers realize business value from their data and drive superior 
business performance through better visibility and decision-making.
We work with customers across the lifecycle of their data, right from defining their DNA strategy, to defining and 
implementing their enterprise information architecture, data acquisition and transformation from disparate data 
sources, and organizing data to arrive at meaningful conclusions and derive actionable information and insights that 
are delivered through multiple channels, including self-service options. We also prescribe solutions to their business 
problems; and create models to predict future outcomes of their business processes through the use of statistical 
analysis, data mining, mathematical modeling, predictive analysis and data visualization tools, which finally leads to 
the application of robotics, machine learning and business process automation that relies on continuously accumulated 
knowledge and data to improve the efficiency of their business process.
We help customers achieve all these using systems that can work with the huge data volumes and enable near real-
time insights through high-speed data ingestion and processing capabilities. The ‘Infosys Information Platform’ 
provides such capabilities with a reduced time-to-market, and significantly lowers the cost envelope for driving 
insights and predictive and prescriptive analytics.
The practice’s service offerings include:
•DNA Strategy Consulting: define DNA strategy, roadmap and governance, advice on technology, 
architecture choices and assist our clients build their data, analytics and business intelligence competency 
centers.
•Big Data, Architecture and Technology Consulting: define and implement end-to-end enterprise 
information architecture and enable clients to move onto the Infosys Information Platform.
•Data Monetization to discover and realize new insights-led opportunities, unique to the business, to 
amplify outcomes and also innovate in unexplored directions. 
•Data Modernization to build a boundaryless data landscape powered by the cloud to scale data and 
pervasive analytics to democratize its consumption.
•Data Consulting to shape the strategies, processes, structures and functional blueprints required to 
industrialize data capabilities and effectively manage change through the evolution.
•Data Operations to codify the complexity of a boundaryless data landscape into agile, easy-to-manage 
operations driven by extreme automation.
•Data Integration and Extract, Transform and Load (“ETL”): provide end-to-end services for building 
enterprise data warehouses, data marts, and data stores. This includes building best-in-class data models 
or adopting industry-specific models and building the entire data provisioning layer using ETL tools.
•Master Data Management (“MDM”), Data Quality and Governance: define and implement MDM 
platforms using tools and custom technologies, and industry-specific data quality and governance 
services.
•Business Intelligence and Reporting: Our information delivery services include reporting, dashboards 
and analytics.
•Mobile, Self-Service and Visualization Technologies: enable end-users with self-service Business 
Intelligence and enable its consumption on mobile platforms. We also build next-generation reporting 
systems using best-in-class visualization technologies.
•Enterprise Performance Management: conceptualize and deliver enterprise performance management 
solutions that help corporations assess and analyze their performance around key KPIs, profitability 
analysis and the like, as well as applications that deliver capabilities based on financial consolidation and 
planning.
•Data Mining and Predictive Analytics: design and develop data mining models, and predictive analytics 
systems.
Engineering Services Capabilities
Our engineering Services capabilities provide cutting-edge engineering solutions to support our clients across the 
product lifecycle of their offerings, from product conception and creation to sustenance and end-of-life management. 
This practice features deep core and emerging engineering skills, and strong ecosystem partnerships, along with 
manufacturing and supply chain expertise that ranges from embedded firmware to composite material design. Our 
offerings enable clients to reduce time from concept to market, redesign products for new demands, and value-engineer 
for emerging markets. This is augmented by our investments in emerging technologies, which help clients gain from 
new business opportunities such as the IoT and Software Defined Networking.
We have over twenty years’ experience in delivering excellence to Fortune Global 500 clients across multiple 
industries, utilizing our Global Delivery Model to design, build, execute and manage complex projects requiring the 
integration of engineering services with IT and BPM. Our offerings include:
•Mechanical products and systems, including the design and rendering of automotive, aircraft and industrial 
subsystems such as lightweight composite aero-structures, and design optimization leveraging knowledge-
based engineering.
•Communications engineering, including media services such as interactive TV solutions, large-scale 
network engineering, and enabling enterprise collaboration.
•Electronic products and systems, ranging from new product development of home security and automation 
solutions and wearable medical devices to high-end advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) connected 
car solutions. 
•Software Product Development Services incorporating new technologies that enable clients across multiple 
industries to further differentiate their offerings.
•Product Lifecycle Management, including implementation, systems integration and solution development.
Our acquisition of Kaleidoscope Innovation, a full-spectrum product design, development and insights firm innovating 
across medical, consumer and industrial markets, bolsters our capabilities in the design of smart products. This 
acquisition has demonstrated Infosys’ commitment to innovate for its clients and make meaningful impact on human 
lives through a combination of cutting-edge technologies. This collaboration further aims to revolutionize patient care, 
treatment, diagnostics and consumer health, across the world. 
Cloud and Infrastructure Management Capabilities 
Our Cloud and Infrastructure services aim to be the most innovative service provider in the cloud and infrastructure 
services space. Our offerings are aimed at helping client organizations simplify and evolve their IT infrastructure for 
a digital future.
Increasingly, clients are migrating workloads to a hybrid environment, by benchmarking their internal IT infrastructure 
services on the basis of performance, cost, agility and reliability vis-à-vis private and public Cloud infrastructure. 
Infosys is poised to cater to this trend through our unique and comprehensive suite of solutions and methodologies 
based on ‘hybrid IT management’ and ‘workload migration to Cloud’.
At the same time, our industrialized service delivery and unified hybrid IT management approach deliver a simplified 
and responsive IT environment using the latest developments in automation, Cloud, analytics and mobility. With our 
automation assets, analytics-driven operations, and rapid environment deployment solutions, we have been able to 
reduce manual effort, improve asset utilization, and accelerate time-to-market.
Infosys has also made large investments to create comprehensive platforms and solutions aimed at addressing hybrid 
IT management and the industrialization of services. The platforms include:
•Infosys Poly Cloud Platform: Today, most of the enterprises are in a pre-cloud era and have started to 
adopt cloud native, apps and platform-centric approaches. The Infosys Polycloud Platform, which enables 
enterprises to build vendor-agnostic solutions across cloud providers without worrying about getting 
locked in, while providing the flexibility to port from one provider to another. The Infosys Polycloud 
platform comprises the Smart Catalog, Telemetry Hub and an overall governance and security framework 
providing a seamless experience for multiple personas.
•Infosys Automation Suite: Along with our IT operations analytics solution, this suite reduces manual 
effort significantly through process standardization, predictive analytics and workflow automation.
 
Our acquisition of GuideVision, one of the largest ServiceNow Elite Partners in Europe, is an award winning enterprise 
service management consultancy specializing in offering strategic advisory, consulting, implementations, training and 
support on the ServiceNow platform. Through this acquisition, Infosys has further enhanced its digital capabilities, 
strengthened Infosys Cobalt portfolio of cloud services and has reaffirmed commitment to the growing ServiceNow 
ecosystem. GuideVision brings to Infosys, end-to-end offerings, including SnowMirror - a proprietary smart data 
replication tool for ServiceNow.
 
Infosys Cobalt 
Infosys Cobalt is a set of services, solutions, and platforms that acts as a force multiplier for cloud-powered enterprise 
transformation. Infosys Cobalt helps businesses redesign the enterprise, from the core, and also build new cloud-first 
capabilities to create seamless experiences in public, private and hybrid cloud, across PaaS, SaaS, and IaaS landscapes. 
With Infosys Cobalt’s community leverage, enterprises can rapidly launch solutions and create business models to 
meet changing market needs while complying with the most stringent global, regional and industry regulatory and 
security standards.
  
•Expand innovation with the cloud community and cloud assets - Enterprises can leverage the full 
potential of the cloud ecosystem and Infosys Cobalt’s thriving community of business and technology 
innovators to drive increased business value. Working grassroots up and extending seamlessly to partner 
with clients, the cloud community provides access to a catalog of assets to help businesses leverage the 
potential of the cloud ecosystem. The Infosys Cobalt cloud community, over time, has expanded to include 
start-ups, partners, academia, gig workers and citizen cloud developers.
 
•Drive business outcomes with industry cloud solution blueprints and Infosys Cobalt Labs - With 
Infosys Cobalt, enterprises can have ready access to a growing portfolio of cloud-first solution blueprints. 
Infosys Enterprise Service Management Café, for example, is an AI-powered solution built over the 
ServiceNow cloud platform, that delivers ready-to-launch applications. With Infosys Cobalt Labs, at 
Infosys global digital centers, businesses can also co-create new solutions and accelerate speed to market. 
More broadly, Infosys Cobalt Labs works with the Infosys partner ecosystem to pre-configure 
partnerships to prototype industry solutions as well.
 
•Secure the globally dispersed enterprise – With Infosys Cobalt, regulatory and security compliance, 
along with technical and financial governance comes baked into every solution delivered. Enterprises 
count on Infosys Cobalt to securely access cloud capabilities and innovations from various partners with 
the assurance of the Infosys single-point accountability for secure outcomes.
Applied AI and Automation Capabilities
Infosys Applied AI helps enterprises adopt a comprehensive approach and roadmap to scaling enterprise-grade AI for 
their businesses. Infosys Applied AI converges the power of AI, analytics and cloud to deliver new business solutions 
and perceptive experiences. The integrated offering will also future-proof and efficiently scale AI investments 
enterprise-wide while managing the risks. With Infosys Applied AI, businesses can readily access, deploy and 
contextualize services from the Applied AI cloud.
 
Infosys is taking the AI-first approach to its own transformation. We are bringing the power of AI, analytics, and cloud 
to accelerate our own enterprise transformation, even as we build incremental value from micro-changes, to improve 
client service, reimagine business processes, and boost productivity. Nearly 50,000 reusable intelligent services, 
applied in over 25,000 instances, are amplifying our employees to boost their productivity. It is Infosys TopazTM – 
our AI-first services using generative AI – that’s making it all possible. Both for us and our clients. Today, 12,000+ 
AI use cases and 150+ pre-trained AI models delivered by AI-first specialists and data strategists are accelerating 
business value for enterprises the world over. All this, while ensuring uncompromising ethics, trust, privacy and 
compliance, and security of data and AI.
This offering will serve businesses, across industries, in building resilience into their operating model and uncovering 
smart innovations that deliver renewed and intuitive customer experiences for the next normal.
 
•Discover ready-to-deploy solutions across the value chain - Working with Infosys Applied AI, 
companies can discover ways for AI to make an impact across the enterprise. A growing portfolio of 
ready-to-use Infosys AI solutions can be quickly adapted to their specific business needs. For example, 
an American bank used one of these solutions to create an NLP-based expense claims management mobile 
app. Infosys Applied AI also helps enterprises uncover actionable insights from their data estates, open-
source data, and curated data exchanges on the cloud to build new AI models and use cases. With Infosys 
Applied AI, businesses can create custom solutions in the AI living labs, orchestrating offerings from 
startups and the Infosys partner ecosystem comprising over 30 leading providers of intelligent automation, 
AI solutions, data solutions, and enterprise security.
 
•Future-proof and efficiently scale AI enterprise-wide- With Infosys Applied AI, enterprises can build 
their AI cloud, access open source AI software as a service on their hybrid cloud infrastructure, and 
harness edge AI capabilities. This can work in tandem with any hyperscale cloud provider's services  
providing more choices and future-proofing investments. For example, a leading communication services 
provider created a machine learning workbench for data engineers to collaborate, deliver, and industrialize 
a catalog of real-time enterprise-wide business solutions. Enterprises can also take advantage of a range 
of cognitive automation services and platforms to meet their needs.
 
•Derisk AI in the enterprise to manage reputational risks - Businesses can rely on Infosys' membership 
in consortiums working for AI standards development. With Infosys applied AI, analytics model 
interpretability, bias detection, and continuous performance monitoring are built into various stages of the 
product lifecycle, from development to deployment and use. For example, using Infosys applied AI, a 
machinery manufacturer analyzed warranty claims patterns to eliminate bias, from the data set and 
process, before reengineering and automating the claims approval process.
Infosys Center for Emerging Technology Solutions 
The Infosys Center for Emerging Technology Solutions (iCETS) is the emerging technology solution incubation 
partner for Infosys’ clients and units. iCETS provides next-generation platforms and innovation-as-a-service to 
futureproof enterprise businesses. The focus is on incubating New Emerging eXploratory Technology (NEXT) 
solutions for our clients orchestrated by Infosys Living Labs.
iCETS enables enterprises to realize their Live Enterprise vision by developing and deploying next-generation 
offerings – such as LEAP, which has a platform-centric approach for services that makes application management 
agile, intelligent, integrated and business-aligned. As a leader in data privacy, Infosys Enterprise Data Privacy Suite 
(iEDPS), assists organizations in tackling the complexity and data privacy responsibilities of organizations to achieve 
both compliance and business productivity objectives. In order to address the increased cybersecurity threats for our 
clients’ businesses we have built CyberNext, a holistic security-as-a-service platform. Through Infosys Cortex, an AI-
driven, cloud-first customer engagement platform, we transform digital customer service through purposeful 
communication and smart decision-making capabilities. Most of our platforms are designed to be platform-a-a-service 
offerings with IP / patent-led differentiation. These platforms have been able to bring in differentiated services while 
accelerating innovations for our clients.
Infosys Living Labs brings our entire innovation ecosystem to help clients meet their innovation-at-scale needs – on 
multiple dimensions. Here we proactively monitor and publish Trend Trees of Horizon 3 technologies and business 
trends. Assist our clients to foresee disruptions with Listening-Post-as-a-Service (LPaaS). Jointly working with our 
clients, we enable rapid prototyping, incubating and piloting innovative solutions. We recently launched Infosys 
Metaverse Foundry, an integral part of Infosys Living Labs that is driving the digital innovation agenda for enterprises 
racing to adapt and execute strategies for virtual-physical interconnections. It helps enterprises navigate the metaverse 
by partnering with them through the Discover-Create-Scale cycle.
We also instill a culture of innovation with our Be The Navigator program across large teams by providing shared 
innovation infrastructure for collaborative innovation and ensuring a seamless transition from proof of concept to 
large-scale implementations with our global innovation hubs. Our evolving partner ecosystem, including startups, 
universities and hyperscalers, plays a critical role in the increased velocity of ideas and solutions for our clients.
Infosys Innovation Network (IIN) is a well-orchestrated partnership between select startups, universities, and Infosys 
to incubate and bring the best of emerging tech innovations from across the globe to our clients. The IIN program 
aims to create lighthouse wins for clients to experiment and implement the art-of-the-possible leveraging our global 
innovation ecosystem. Infosys de-risks client adoption of technology innovations and solutions by carefully curating 
these startups, finding the right fit and implementing early pilots. Infosys has also established partnerships with key 
client Corporate Venture Capital firms to bring their portfolio startups on to Infosys’ network. Over the past 12 months, 
we’ve engaged with numerous startups and universities across geographies like the United States, Finland, Israel, and 
India, working in spaces like AI, fintech, cloud, cybersecurity, InsureTech, HealthTec, and more. ICETS has supported 
over 100 innovation programs for clients like, American telecom companies, large banking institutions, European 
national postal service, and more, by bringing together Infosys platforms, innovations, and networks. We act as the 
contextualizer, crucible and orchestrator to our clients driving next-generation innovations.
  
Business Process Management Capabilities
As part of our strategy, Infosys BPO has been renamed as Infosys BPM during fiscal 2018. This change in name is a 
true reflection of the paradigm shift in the nature of services that we offer and signifies our vision of ‘reimagining 
business processes’. Through our integrated ‘business domain people + software + empathy = humanware with ignited 
minds’ approach, we continue to co-create business value for our clients, by reshaping stakeholder experience.
Our BPM service offers services to operate, optimize and transform business processes. Infosys BPM enables clients 
to outsource several critical business processes that relate to specific industry verticals and functional horizontals, 
including digital business services, customer service, finance and accounting, human resource management, legal 
process management, supply chain operations, sourcing, procurement, and operational analytics.
Our objective is to meet our client’s business metrics by driving business value through process digitization, data 
driven decision making, automation, AI and vertical platforms, deep domain business expertise and enhanced 
visualization across the operations value chain. We are constantly working towards shaping ourselves as ‘advisors and 
practitioner consultants’ for our clients by enhancing the business efficiency, effectiveness and experience.
Our majority shareholding in Stater N.V has brought deep European mortgage expertise and a robust digital platform 
to drive superior customer experience. Infosys is driving the digital transformation roadmap of Stater with accelerators 
such as dynamic workflow, API layers, RPA and analytics.
 
Our collaboration with Hitachi, Ltd., Panasonic Corporation and Pasona Inc. brings its global expertise in procurement 
processes, consulting, analytics and digital technologies such as AI and RPA for the local and global needs of Japanese 
corporations. Combined with Hitachi and Panasonic’s knowledge of their procurement functions and local teams, and 
Pasona’s human capital and BPM networks in Japan, the entity provides differentiated, end-to-end, efficient and high 
value procurement capabilities to corporations.
Over the last few years, our BPM service has acted as the beachhead to open many business conversations due to its 
deep business connects within a client organization. We have seen an increased traction in integrated deals that involve 
a multitude of service capabilities and bring the true One Infosys spirit to the fore.
3) Products & Platforms
EdgeVerve
EdgeVerve Systems Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Infosys, develops innovative software products and offers 
them on premise and on the cloud. Our products help businesses develop deeper connections with stakeholders, power 
continuous innovation and accelerate growth in the digital world. We power our clients’ growth in rapidly evolving 
areas like banking, distributive trade, credit servicing, customer service and enterprise buying. Today EdgeVerve 
products and platforms are used by global corporations across industries such as financial services, insurance, retail 
and CPG, life sciences, manufacturing and telecom. Our solutions are available in two broad categories – Edge suite 
and Finacle®.
Infosys Edge
Edge suite includes – AssistEdge®, CollectEdge®, TradeEdge® and ProcureEdge®. The solutions focus on realizing 
business outcomes for clients by driving revenue growth, cost effectiveness and profitability. AssistEdge® is an award 
winning, proven and scalable platform that helps enterprises in service modernization through automation. It handles 
all aspects of automation – from end-to-end to assisted, and helps enterprises reduce operational costs and increase 
reliability of processes. CollectEdge® is an AI powered product designed to help lending organizations reduce 
delinquency rates, boost recoveries, improve operational efficiencies and enhance customer experience. TradeEdge® 
helps global companies, reach millions of new consumers and increase revenues while reducing non-productive 
inventory. ProcureEdge® helps global organizations to continuously discover and realize value across their Source-
to-Pay (S2P) cycle through automation.
Finacle®  
Finacle® is an industry-leading universal banking solution suite. It addresses core banking, online banking, mobile 
banking, payments, treasury, origination, liquidity management, Islamic banking, wealth management, analytics and 
blockchain-based needs of financial institutions worldwide.
McCamish
Infosys McCamish offers products and services in Individual Life Insurance and Annuities, Employer sponsored 
Benefits and Retirements and Producer Management. In addition to providing the VPAS® Platform in License, and 
SaaS engagements, Infosys McCamish also provides end to end BPM Policy administration services on the VPAS® 
Platform which provides BPM and SaaS-BPM hybrid engagement options. The VPAS® platform is a comprehensive 
software suite that provides rich functional depth for servicing all types of insurance and annuity products across the 
industry value chain on a single platform. The fully digital platform includes both Customer (policy holder) and Agent 
portals and API integration with smart devices and IoT components such as smart video and chat bots. The digital 
platform minimizes human touch points and provides robotic process automations with Straight Through Processing 
built directly into the platform. Depending on the type of engagement, Infosys McCamish can leverage one or more 
of its engineering accelerators such as the time-tested McCAP (Conversion Accelerator Platform).
Panaya®
Panaya, an Infosys company, is a SaaS change automation solution that reduces the time, cost and risk required to 
deliver changes to ERP applications like SAP®, Oracle® EBS and Salesforce.com changes. Powered by big data 
analytics and aggregating since 2008, Panaya Release Dynamix Suite delivers real time insights that help organizations 
determine dependencies, accelerated testing and ensure business continuity. It continues to drive innovation by 
enabling the continuous delivery of business-driven changes to systems of differentiation. Panaya’s customer base 
spans over 1600 enterprises worldwide, including over a third of the Fortune 500 companies across various markets 
including Utilities, Oil & Gas, Automotive, Manufacturing, Pharmaceuticals, Infrastructure and Services.
Infosys Equinox
Infosys Equinox is a human-centric digital commerce and marketing platform that provides rich, hyper-personalized 
experiences across any channel and touchpoint to customers. Built on the future-ready MACH-X architecture, the 
platform delivers the right balance between agility and adaptability for enterprises. Backed by the technology and 
industry capabilities and partner ecosystem of Infosys, this can be the only digital commerce platform that our clients 
will ever need.
Infosys Helix
Infosys Helix is a Platform-Powered, AI-First, People-Centric suite that  allows healthcare data to be analyzed, 
customized and democratized for different users in the ecosystem such as payers, providers, members and 
governments. The suite offers three platforms - Provider Lifecycle Management Platform, Payer On Cloud Platform 
and Payer B2B Platform.
OUR CLIENTS
We market our services to enterprises throughout the globe. We have a strong market presence in North America, 
Europe and Asia Pacific.
Our revenues for the last three fiscal years by geography are as follows:
Geography Fiscal
2023 2022 2021
North America 61.8% 61.7% 61.3%
Europe 25.7% 24.8% 24.2%
Rest of the World 9.9% 10.6% 11.6%
India 2.6% 2.9% 2.9%
Total 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 % 
Our revenues for the last three fiscal years by business segment were as follows:
Business Segments Fiscal
2023 2022 2021
Financial services 29.8% 32.0% 32.4%
Retail 14.5% 14.6% 14.7%
Communications 12.3% 12.5% 12.6%
Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services 12.6% 11.9% 12.5%
Manufacturing 12.9% 11.0% 9.4%
Hi-Tech 8.1% 8.2% 8.5%
Life Sciences 6.9% 7.0% 6.8%
All Other segments 2.9% 2.8% 3.1%
Total 100.0 % 100.0 % 100.0 %
For fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, our five largest clients together contributed 12.7%, 11.4% and 11.0%, respectively, 
of our total revenues.
The volume of work we perform for specific clients varies from year to year based on the nature of the assignments 
we have with our clients. Thus, a major client in one year may not provide the same level of revenues in a subsequent 
year. However, in any given year, a limited number of clients tend to contribute a significant portion of our revenues. 
Our revenues experience seasonality across certain quarters based on the billable effort that varies across quarters due 
to differences in the number of working days, number of holidays and variation in the amount of client spending across 
quarters.
SALES AND MARKETING OVERVIEW
We have organized our sales and marketing functions into teams, across 56 countries around the world, focusing on 
delivering digital solutions for specific industries and geographies. Our depth of geographic reach and industry 
knowledge allow us to leverage global expertise tailored locally to serve every client's needs. Our strategy focuses on 
articulating and demonstrating how we help enterprises navigate their next and become cloud-first, AI-first, live 
enterprise. 
We aspire to position Infosys as the next-generation digital services company that helps enterprises steer through to 
the next milestone of their digital journey. Our brand is nurtured by over 340,000 of our purpose-driven people seeking 
to amplify human potential and create the next opportunity for people, businesses, and communities. It is built around 
the premise that our four decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises uniquely 
positions us to be navigators for our clients. We do it by enabling enterprises with an AI-powered core. We also 
empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. 
Our Always-on Learning foundation drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital 
skills, expertise and ideas from our innovation ecosystem. Our localization investments in talent and digital centers 
help accelerate the business transformation agenda. For over four decades, we are deeply committed to being a well-
governed, environmentally sustainable partner for our clients where diverse talent, in an inclusive workplace, helps 
them navigate their next.
COMPETITION
We experience intense competition in traditional services and see a rapidly changing marketplace with new 
competitors in niche technology areas who are focused on agility, flexibility and innovation.
We typically compete with other large global technology service providers in response to requests for proposals. 
Clients often cite our industry expertise, comprehensive end-to-end service capability and solutions, ability to scale, 
digital capabilities, established platforms, superior quality and process execution, distributed agile global delivery 
model, experienced management team, talented professionals and track record as reasons for awarding us contracts. 
We potentially see emerging competition to our services from niche software-as-a-service companies, cloud platform 
companies and, insourcing of technology services by the technology departments of our clients.
HUMAN CAPITAL
Our employees are our most important assets. We are committed to hiring and retaining the best talent and being 
among the industry’s leading employers. For this, we focus on promoting a collaborative, transparent and participative 
organization culture, and rewarding merit and sustained high performance. Our human resources management focuses 
on allowing our employees to develop their skills, grow in their career and navigate their next.
As of March 31, 2023, we employed 343,234 employees, of which 324,816 are professionals involved in service 
delivery to clients, including trainees. During fiscal 2023, we added 29,219 new hires, net of attrition. Our culture and 
reputation as a leader in consulting, technology, outsourcing and next-generation digital services enable us to attract 
and retain some of the best talent.
We have built our global talent pool by recruiting fresh graduates from premier universities, colleges and institutes 
globally. We constantly attract and hire developers, architects, technical leaders and project managers in areas of 
digital and cloud, and transformation. We have built robust relationships with top institutions in India and recruit 
students who have consistently shown high levels of achievement. We have continued upscaling our InfyTQ platform 
which brings the best of our Mysuru training to the hands of the learners across the country. This amplified the learning 
experience of students who also undergo assessments to get the coveted Infosys Certification. We also have been 
globally recognized for our Innovation in recruitment for our HackWithInfy, an Online Coding contest, which also 
helps us attract the best of coders into our organization.
 
We also recruit students from campuses outside India, including but not limited to United States, UK, Australia, 
Singapore, Japan, Germany, Canada, Mexico, Mauritius and China. We rely on a rigorous selection process involving 
evaluation of mathematical and logical aptitude, coding ability and in-depth interviews, to identify the best applicants. 
This selection process is continually assessed and refined based upon multiple factors including performance tracking 
of past recruits. We have continued to conduct interviews virtually across the globe and the team also enhanced the 
in-house applicant tracking system which is currently being used for hiring in India and China. 
During fiscal 2023, we received 5,342,299 employment applications, interviewed 389,183 applicants and extended 
offers of employment to 114,374 applicants. These statistics do not include our subsidiaries. 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Our intellectual property rights are critical to our business. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark 
and design laws, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual 
property. As of March 31, 2023, we have 735 pending or registered patents in India, EU, US and other key 
jurisdictions. Infosys Limited and its subsidiaries also have over 840 trademarks pending or registered across classes 
identified for various goods and services across 51 countries. We require employees, independent contractors and 
whenever possible, vendors to enter into confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their relationships 
with us. These agreements generally provide that any confidential or proprietary information developed by us or on 
our behalf be kept confidential. These agreements also provide that any confidential or proprietary information 
disclosed to third parties in the course of our business be kept confidential by such third parties. However, our clients 
usually own the intellectual property in the software we develop for them.
We regard our trade name, trademarks, service marks and domain names as important to our success. We rely on the 
law to protect our proprietary rights to them, and we have taken steps to enhance our rights by filing trademark 
applications where appropriate. We have obtained registration of our key brand ‘INFOSYS’ as a trademark in both 
India and in the United States. We also aggressively protect these names and marks from infringement by others.
CYBERSECURITY
We have designed and implemented robust cyber security strategy to minimize cyber security risks through a three–
pronged approach: Secure by Design, Secure by Scale, and Secure the Future. Our focus on serving our clients with 
assured digital trust which stems from the right alignment of our strategy to our business goals, backed by a robust  
cyber security framework. Our Cyber Risk Management is a robust program that identifies, analyzes, prioritizes, treats, 
and monitors cyber risks across the enterprise. The Cyber Risk Assessment Framework is aligned to ISO 31000, ISO 
27001, and ISO 27005.  
 
Our cyber security program is managed by our dedicated enterprise Information Security Group (ISG), under the 
leadership of our Chief Information Security Officer. The Board and the senior management oversee the 
implementation of the cyber security program. The cybersecurity sub-committee of the Board assesses cyber security 
risks and our preparedness to mitigate and react to such risks. A high-level working group, the enterprise Information 
Security Council (“ISC”) is responsible for governing and overseeing our Information Security Management System. 
ISC focuses on establishing, directing, monitoring and implementing the information security program with 
representation from our various departments and business.  
 
We have implemented multi-layered controls with a defense-in-depth approach, supplemented by policies, processes, 
controls (preventive, detective, and corrective). Our strategy focusses on four areas: transparency & experience, 
continual improvement & compliance, cyber resilience, and building & maintaining a positive cyber security culture 
within the organization. Our security program is designed to provide the assurance that required controls and processes 
are implemented, monitored, measured, and improved continuously to mitigate Cyber Risks across Cyber Security 
domains.  
 
In our efforts to reduce the attack surface, we ensure critical internal and client operations are done from isolated 
environments. This reduces the likelihood of the spread of threats between Infosys and its client landscapes, or vice 
versa, should there be a breach in any of the environments. Our multi-layered security process and technology controls 
help in this regard. Cyber resiliency is a strong focus and ISG extensively focused on training employees with the 
latest cyber-attacks through various exercises including Table-Top, Simulation of real-world attack in a containerized 
platform. 
EFFECT OF GOVERNMENT REGULATION ON OUR BUSINESS
Regulation of our business by the Indian government affects us in several ways. We benefit from certain tax incentives 
promulgated by the Government of India, including the export of services from SEZs. As a result of such incentive, 
our operations have been subject to relatively lower Indian tax liabilities.
We have also benefited from the liberalization and deregulation of the Indian economy by the successive Indian 
governments since 1991. However, there are restrictive Indian laws and regulations that affect our business, including 
regulations that require us to obtain approval from the RBI and / or the Ministry of Finance of the Government of 
India in certain cases, to acquire companies incorporated outside India and regulations that require us, subject to some 
exceptions, to obtain approval from relevant government authorities in India in order to raise capital outside India. 
The conversion of our equity shares into ADSs is governed by guidelines issued by the RBI. 
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 has introduced the concept of compulsory corporate social responsibilities. As per 
the Indian Companies Act, 2013, a company having net worth of rupees five hundred crore or more (approximately 
$61 million) or turnover of rupees one thousand crore or more (approximately $122 million) or a net profit of rupees 
five crore or more (approximately $1 million) during  the immediately preceding financial year will be required to 
constitute a Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee of the board of directors and spend at least 2% of their 
average net profit for the immediately preceding three financial years on CSR. The CSR committee should consist of 
three or more directors, at least one of whom will be an independent director, and the company should have a CSR 
policy approved by the Board. Consequent to the requirements of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, approximately $58 
million was contributed towards corporate social responsibility activities during Fiscal 2023.
The ability of our technology professionals to work in the United States, Europe and in other countries depends on the 
ability to obtain the necessary visas and work permits as described in Item 3 – Risk Factors.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
The Group is subject to legal proceedings and claims, which have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The 
Group’s management reasonably expects that these legal actions, when ultimately concluded and determined, will not 
have a material and adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations or financial condition.
C. ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE
Refer to Note 2.20, Related Party transactions under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F for details about our 
subsidiaries.
D. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
The campus of our corporate headquarters is located at Electronics City, Bengaluru, India. Infosys Electronics City 
consists of approximately 4.7 million square feet of land and 6.6 million square feet of operational facilities. The 
campus features, among other things, an Education, Training and Assessment unit, a Management Development 
Center and extensive state-of-the-art conference facilities.
Additionally, we have leased facilities measuring approximately 502,000 square feet in Electronics City which 
accommodate approximately 5,600 employees.
Our capital expenditure on property, plant and equipment for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was $319 million, $290 
million, and $285 million, respectively. All our capital expenditures are financed out of cash generated from 
operations. As of March 31, 2023, we had contractual commitments for capital expenditure of $117 million.
Our software development facilities are equipped with a world-class technology infrastructure that includes networked 
workstations, servers, data communication links and videoconferencing.
Currently, we have presence in 274 locations across 56 countries. Appropriate expansion plans are being undertaken 
to meet our expected future growth.
  
Our most significant owned and leased properties are listed in the table below.
LocationBuilding
Approx.
Sq. ft.Seating
capacityOwnershipLand
Approx.
Sq. ft.Ownership
Software Development Facilities
Bengaluru (Infosys City Main Campus), 
Karnataka 6,609,958 39,164 Owned 4,736,303 Owned
Bengaluru Sarjapur & Billapur, Karnataka — — — 15,216,177 Owned
Bengaluru Attibele, Karnataka — — — 2,333,301 Owned
Bhubaneswar (Chandaka Industrial Park), 
Orissa 1,375,898 3,677 Owned 1,999,455 Leased
Bhubaneswar (Info Valley Goudakasipur & 
Arisol), Orissa 1,264,774 4,532 Owned 2,218,040 Leased
Chandigarh (SEZ Campus) 1,135,580 6,134 Owned 1,316,388 Leased
Chennai (Sholinganallur), Tamil Nadu 532,079 3,606 Owned 578,043 Leased
Chennai (Maraimalai Nagar), Tamil Nadu 3,639,091 20,245 Owned 5,617,084 Leased
Hyderabad (Manikonda Village), Andhra 
Pradesh 2,018,050 12,921 Owned 2,194,997 Owned
Hyderabad (Pocharam Village), Andhra 
Pradesh 4,577,157 27,762 Owned 19,715,768 Owned
Mangalore (Pajeeru and Kairangala Village), 
Karnataka 2,307,393 6,715 Owned 15,740,424 Owned
Mangalore (Pajeeru and Kairangala Village), 
Karnataka — — — 6,970 Leased
Mysore (Hebbal Electronic City), Karnataka 12,401,394 15,883 Owned 15,362,340 Owned
Pune (Hinjewadi), Maharashtra 537,548 3,300 Owned 1,089,004 Leased
Pune (Hinjewadi Phase II), Maharashtra 6,123,575 33,430 Owned 4,987,787 Leased
Pune (Ascendas SEZ), Rented Building 
Maharashtra 1,445,327 12,833 Leased — —
Thiruvananthapuram, Attipura Village, 
Kerala 2,739,655 10,735 Owned 2,184,543 Leased
Jaipur (M-City), Rajasthan 780,655 7,143 Owned 1,829,527 Leased
Jaipur (Mahindra World City), Rajasthan — — — 6,452,568 Leased
Nagpur - Dahegaon Village (SEZ campus) 355,753 2,285 Owned 6,193,211 Leased
Indore - Tikgarita Badshah & Badangarda 
Village (SEZ campus) 371,880 2,400 Owned 5,666,307 Leased
Hubli - Gokul Village (SEZ campus) 363,817 1,572 Owned 1,875,265 Leased
Noida - Plot No A-1 to A-6 Sector 85 — — — 1,201,346 Leased
Mohali Plot No I-3 Sector 83 A IT City SAS 
Nagar 19,430 191 Owned 2,178,009 Leased
Sira Taluk, Tumakur District 48,787 — Owned 13,273,873 Owned
Kolkata- New Town — — — 2,178,009 Owned
Indianapolis USA Northwest Quarter Sec 
23&24th Morion County 170,200 842 Owned 2,362,573 Owned
Shanghai Infosys Technologies (Shanghai) 
Co. Ltd(1)1,057,985 4,765 Owned 657,403 Leased
(1)The nature of the ownership is that of a land use right.
Note: The above table includes buildings of over 500,000 sq. ft. and land over 440,000 sq. ft. including buildings on 
these lands.
Item 4 A. Unresolved Staff Comments 
None. 
Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects
The consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this Annual Report on Form 20-F have been 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by IASB. The discussion, analysis and information presented in this 
section should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included herein and the notes thereto.
OPERATING RESULTS
This information is set forth under the caption entitled “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations” below and is incorporated herein by reference.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
This information is set forth under the caption entitled “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations” below and is incorporated herein by reference.
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT, PATENTS AND LICENSES, ETC.
We have committed, and expect to continue to commit in the future, a portion of our resources to research and 
development. Efforts towards research and development are focused on refinement of methodologies, tools and 
techniques, implementation of metrics, improvement in estimation process and the adoption of new technologies.
TREND INFORMATION
This information is set forth under the caption entitled “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations” below and is incorporated herein by reference. 
MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes 
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 20-F. This discussion and other parts of this Annual Report on 
Form 20-F contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. 
Our actual results and the timing of selected events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-
looking statements as a result of several factors, including those set forth under “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this 
Annual Report on Form 20-F. Please also see “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” For a 
comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, and 2021, see the section “Results 
for Fiscal 2022 compared to Fiscal 2021” under “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations” of Item 5 in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for fiscal 2022, filed with the SEC on June 17, 
2022, and incorporated herein by reference.
Overview
Infosys is a leading provider of consulting, technology, outsourcing and next-generation digital services, enabling 
clients across 56 countries to create and execute strategies for their digital transformation.
Our vision is to build a globally respected organization delivering best-of-breed business solutions, leveraging 
technology, delivered by best-in-class people. We are guided by our value system which motivates our attitudes and 
actions. Our core values are Client Value, Leadership by Example, Integrity and Transparency, Fairness and 
Excellence (C-LIFE). Our strategic objective is to build a sustainable organization that remains relevant to the agenda 
of our clients, while creating growth opportunities for our employees and generating profitable returns for our investors 
and contributing to the communities that we operate in.
Our clients and prospective clients are faced with transformative business opportunities due to advances in software 
and computing technology. The journey to the digital future requires not just an understanding of new technologies 
and new ways of working, but a deep appreciation of existing technology landscapes, business processes and practices. 
Our strategy is to be a navigator for our clients as they ideate, plan, and execute on their journey to a digital future. 
We continue to embrace a four-pronged strategy to strengthen our relevance with clients and drive accelerated value 
creation:
1. Scale Agile Digital
2. Energize the core
3. Reskill our people
4. Expand localization
Our primary geographic markets are North America, Europe, Rest of the World and India. We serve clients in financial 
services and insurance; retail, consumer packaged goods and logistics; communication, telecom OEM and media; 
energy, utilities, resource and services; manufacturing; hi-tech; life sciences and healthcare.
There are numerous risks and challenges affecting the business. These risks and challenges are discussed in detail in 
the section entitled 'Risk Factors' and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 20-F.
We were founded in 1981 and are headquartered in Bengaluru, India. We completed our initial public offering of 
equity shares in India in 1993 and our initial public offering of ADSs in the United States in 1999. We completed 
three sponsored secondary ADS offerings in the United States in August 2003, June 2005 and November 2006. We 
did not receive any of the proceeds from any of our sponsored secondary offerings.
ESG Vision and Ambitions
In October 2020, we launched our ESG Vision 2030 to “shape and share solutions that serve the development of 
businesses and communities”. Today, our 2030 vision reflects how ESG will continue to be integral to Infosys’ 
sustainable business performance. We will continue to be carbon-neutral across Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions every 
year. We will expand reskilling initiatives to empower more than 10 million people with digital skills and more than  
80 million with Tech for Good programs in e-governance, healthcare and education. We commit to nurturing greater 
inclusivity and strengthening our gender-diverse workforce with at least 45% women employees.
We will grow our stakeholder focus and bring the interests of our stakeholders to the fore through an empowered, 
diverse and inclusive Board. We will further strengthen data privacy and information security standards across global 
operations.
Key Matters Pertaining to Subsidiaries
Acquisition
During fiscal 2023, we completed two business combinations to complement its digital offerings by acquiring 100% 
voting interests in:
(i) oddity GmbH, oddity group services GmbH, oddity space GmbH, oddity jungle GmbH, oddity code 
GmbH and oddity waves GmbH (collectively known as "oddity"), a Germany-based digital marketing, 
experience, and commerce agency, on April 20, 2022; and
(ii) BASE life science A/S, a technology and consulting firm in the life sciences industry in Europe, on 
September 1, 2022.
The aggregate purchase consideration of the two acquisitions of $122 million included cash consideration of $116 
million and contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of $6 million as on the date of acquisition.
 
Additionally, these acquisitions have employee retention bonuses payable to the employees of the acquiree over three 
years, subject to their continuous employment with the Group along with achievement of certain financial targets. 
Performance and Retention Bonus is recognized in employee benefit expenses in the Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income over the period of service.
Corporate actions
Capital allocation policy
Effective fiscal 2020, the Company expects to return approximately 85% of the free cash flow cumulatively over a 
five year period through a combination of semi-annual dividends and/or share buyback and/or special dividends, 
subject to applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any. Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating 
activities less capital expenditure as per the consolidated statement of cash flows prepared under IFRS. Dividend and 
buyback payouts include applicable taxes.
As at March 31, 2023, the Company would have returned approximately 86% of the free cash flow cumulatively for 
fiscal 2020, fiscal 2021, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023 through dividends and buybacks, in line with the capital allocation 
policy.
Buyback completed in February 2023
The shareholders approved the proposal of the buyback of equity shares recommended by its Board of Directors by 
way of e-voting on the postal ballot, the results of which were declared on December 3, 2022, from the open market 
route through Indian stock exchanges of up to ₹9,300 crore (maximum buyback size, excluding buyback tax) at a price 
not exceeding ₹1,850/- per share. The buyback was offered to all equity shareholders of the Company (other than the 
Promoters, the Promoter Group and Persons in Control of the Company) under the open market route through Indian 
stock exchanges. The buyback of equity shares through Indian stock exchanges commenced on December 7, 2022 and 
was completed on February 13, 2023. During this buyback period, we purchased and extinguished a total of 
60,426,348 equity shares from the stock exchange at a volume weighted average buyback price of ₹1,539.06/- per 
equity share comprising 1.44% of the pre buyback paid-up equity share capital of the Company. The buyback resulted 
in a cash outflow of ₹9,300 crore (excluding transaction costs and tax on buyback) ($1,130 million). We funded the 
buyback from our free reserves including Securities Premium as explained in Section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013. 
Buyback completed in September 2021
The shareholders approved the proposal of the buyback of equity shares in our Annual General meeting held on June 
19, 2021, from the open market route through Indian stock exchanges of up to ₹9,200 crore (maximum buyback size) 
at a price not exceeding ₹1,750/- per share. The buyback was offered to all equity shareholders of the Company (other 
than the Promoters, the Promoter Group and Persons in Control of the Company) under the open market route through 
Indian stock exchanges. The buyback of equity shares through Indian stock exchanges commenced on June 25, 2021 
and was completed on September 8, 2021. During this buyback period, we purchased and extinguished a total of 
55,807,337 equity shares from the stock exchange at a volume weighted average buyback price of ₹1,648.53/- per 
equity share comprising 1.31% of the pre buyback paid-up equity share capital of the Company. The buyback resulted 
in a cash outflow of ₹9,200 crore (excluding transaction costs and tax on buyback) ($1,243 million). We funded the 
buyback from our free reserves including Securities Premium as explained in Section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Dividend
During fiscal 2023, the Company paid an Interim Dividend of ₹16.50/- per share (approximately $0.20 per share) and 
has announced a final dividend of ₹17.50/- per share (approximately $0.21 per share), subject to shareholders’ 
approval in our ensuing Annual General Meeting.
2. Dividend
The following table sets forth the dividend per share declared for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021:
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021
in ₹ in $ (4) in ₹ in $ (4) in ₹ in $(4)
- Interim dividend 16.50 0.20 15.00 0.20 12.00 0.16
- Final dividend 17.50 (1)0.21 16.00 0.21 15.00 0.20
34.00 0.41 31.00 0.41 27.00 0.36
Payout ratio (interim and final 
dividend) 69.5 %(2)(3)57.2 %(2)52.2%(2)
(1)Recommended by the Board at its meeting held on April 13, 2023, subject to the approval by the shareholders 
at the Annual General Meeting of the Company scheduled to be held on June 28, 2023.
(2)Our present capital allocation policy effective fiscal 2020 is to pay approximately 85% of the free cash flow* 
cumulatively over a 5-year period through a combination of semi-annual dividends and/or share buyback and/or 
special dividends, subject to applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any. Dividend and buyback payouts 
include applicable taxes, if any.
(3)Based on outstanding number of shares on March 31, 2023.
(4)Converted at the monthly exchange rate in the month of declaration of dividend.
 
*             Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditure as per the 
consolidated statement of cash flows prepared under IFRS.
3. Stock incentive plans
2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan
On March 31, 2016, pursuant to the approval by the shareholders through postal ballot, the Board has been authorized 
to introduce, offer, issue and allot share-based incentives to eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries 
under the 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (the “2015 Plan”). The maximum number of shares under the 
2015 Plan shall not exceed 24,038,883 equity shares. These instruments will generally vest over a period of four years. 
These restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and stock options shall be exercisable within the period as approved by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee. The exercise price of the RSUs will be equal to the par value of the shares 
and the exercise price of the stock options would be the market price as on the date of grant. The plan numbers 
mentioned above would have been further adjusted for the September 2018 bonus issue. 
Controlled trust holds 12,172,119 and 13,725,712 shares as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively, 
under the 2015 Plan. Out of these shares, 200,000 equity shares each have been earmarked for welfare activities of 
the employees as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022.
Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019
On June 22, 2019, pursuant to approval by the shareholders in our annual general meeting of shareholders, the Board 
was authorized to introduce, offer, issue and provide share-based incentives to eligible employees of the Company 
and its subsidiaries under the Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019 (the “2019 Plan”). The maximum 
number of shares under the 2019 Plan shall not exceed 50,000,000 equity shares. To implement the 2019 Plan, up to 
45,000,000 equity shares may be issued by way of secondary acquisition of shares by Infosys Expanded Stock 
Ownership Trust. The RSUs granted under the 2019 Plan shall vest based on the achievement of defined annual 
performance parameters as determined by the administrator (Nomination and Remuneration Committee). The 
performance parameters will be based on a combination of relative Total Shareholder Return (“TSR”) and operating 
performance metrics of the company as decided by the administrator. Each of the above performance parameters will 
be distinct for the purposes of calculation of the quantity of shares to vest based on performance. These instruments 
will generally vest between a minimum of one to maximum of three years from the grant date. 
The following is the summary of grants made under the 2015 Plan and 2019 Plan during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021:
Particulars Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021
2015 Plan
RSU - Equity settled 2,152,454 1,590,423 2,660,611
RSU - Incentive units (cash settled) 92,400 49,960 115,250
2019 Plan
Equity settled Performance based RSU 3,914,657 2,850,629 1,596,408
Total grants 6,159,511 4,491,012 4,372,269
Refer to Item 6 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F for details on grants to individual key managerial personnel 
(“KMPs”).
During fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded an employee stock compensation expense of $64 million, 
$56 million, and $45 million, respectively in the statement of comprehensive income. 
For additional information of the Company’s stock incentive compensation plans, Refer to Note 2.17 Employees’ 
Stock Options Plans under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F.
Results of Operations
The following table illustrates our compounded annual growth rate in revenues, net profit, earnings per equity share 
and number of employees from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2023: 
(Dollars in millions except per share and employee data)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2019Compounded annual 
growth rate
Revenues 18,212 11,799 11.5%
Operating profit 3,825 2,696 9.1%
Net profit 2,983 2,200 7.9%
Net profit attributable to Owners of the company 2,981 2,199 7.9%
Earnings per equity share (Basic) 0.71 0.51 8.6%
Earnings per equity share (Diluted) 0.71 0.51 8.6%
Number of employees at the end of the fiscal year 343,234 228,123 10.8%
Revenue growth in reported numbers was attributable to a number of factors, including an increase in the volume of 
business as well as an expansion in the solutions that we provide to our clients. We added 458 new customers (gross)  
during fiscal 2023 as compared to 451 new customers (gross) during fiscal 2022 and 475 new customers (gross) during 
fiscal 2021.
The following table sets forth certain financial information as a percentage of revenues:
(in %)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021
Revenues 100.0 100.0 100.0
Cost of sales 69.8 67.4 65.1
Gross margin 30.2 32.6 34.9
Operating expenses:
Selling and marketing expenses 4.3 4.3 4.6
Administrative expenses 4.9 5.3 5.8
Total operating expenses 9.2 9.6 10.4
Operating margin 21.0 23.0 24.5
Other income, net 1.8 1.9 2.2
Finance cost (0.2) (0.2) (0.2)
Profit before income taxes 22.6 24.7 26.5
Income tax expense 6.2 6.5 7.2
Net margin 16.4 18.2 19.3
Non-controlling interests — — —
Net margin attributable to owners of the company 16.4 18.2 19.3
Results for Fiscal 2023 compared to Fiscal 2022
Revenues
Our revenues are generated principally from services provided either on a time-and-material, unit of work, fixed-price, 
or fixed-timeframe basis. Many of our client contracts, including those that are on a fixed-price, fixed-timeframe basis 
can be terminated by clients with or without cause and with short notice periods of 0 to 90 days. Since we collect 
revenues as milestones in the contracts are completed, terminated contracts are only subject to collection for portions 
of the contract completed through the time of termination. In order to manage and anticipate the risk of early or abrupt 
contract terminations, we monitor the progress of contracts and change orders according to their characteristics and 
the circumstances in which they occur. This includes a review of our ability and our client's ability to perform on the 
contract, a review of extraordinary conditions that may lead to a contract termination and a review of the historical 
client performance considerations. Since we also bear the risk of cost overruns and inflation with respect to fixed-
price, fixed-timeframe projects, our operating results could be adversely affected by inaccurate estimates of contract 
completion costs and dates, including wage inflation rates and currency exchange rates that may affect cost 
projections. Although we revise our project completion estimates from time to time, such revisions have not, to date, 
had a material adverse effect on our operating results or financial condition.
We experience from time to time, pricing pressure from our clients. For example, clients often expect that as we do 
more business with them, they will receive volume discounts. Additionally, clients may ask for fixed-price, fixed-
timeframe arrangements, or reduced rates. We attempt to use fixed-price arrangements for engagements where the 
specifications are complete.
The following table sets forth the growth in our revenues in fiscal 2023 from fiscal 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 ChangePercentage
Change
Revenues 18,212 16,311 1,901 11.7%
The increase in revenues was primarily attributable to an increase in digital revenues, deal wins including large deals 
and volume increases across most of the segments. 
The Company defines digital revenues as a set of use cases that drives business outcomes for clients across five areas 
which are Experience, Insight, Innovate, Accelerate and Assure.
Refer to section “Our Strategy” under Item 4 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F for further details.
The table below sets forth the percentage of our revenues by digital and core services for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
Percentage of revenues
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022
Digital revenue 62.2% 57.0%
Core revenue 37.8% 43.0%
The following table sets forth our revenues by business segments for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
Business Segments Percentage of Revenues
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022
Financial Services 29.8% 32.0%
Retail 14.5% 14.6%
Communication 12.3% 12.5%
Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services 12.6% 11.9%
Manufacturing 12.9% 11.0%
Hi-Tech 8.1% 8.2%
Life Sciences 6.9% 7.0%
All other Segments 2.9% 2.8%
There were significant currency movements during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. The U.S. dollar appreciated 
by 11.8% against the United Kingdom Pound Sterling, by 10.3% against the Euro and by 8.1%  against the Australian 
Dollar.
Constant currency (non-IFRS measure): We report revenue growth both in reported currency terms and in constant 
currency terms. Revenue growth in reported currency terms includes impact of currency fluctuations. We, therefore, 
additionally report the revenue growth in constant currency terms which represents the real growth in revenue 
excluding the impact of currency fluctuations. We calculate constant currency growth by comparing current period 
revenues in respective local currencies converted to US$ using prior-period exchange rates and comparing the same 
to our prior period reported revenues. Our revenues in reported currency terms for fiscal 2023 is $18,212 million, a 
growth of 11.7%. As against this, our revenues in constant currency terms for fiscal 2023 grew by 15.4% in comparison 
to fiscal 2022.
The following table sets forth our business segment profit (revenues less identifiable operating expenses and allocated 
expenses) as a percentage of business segment revenue for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 (see Note 2.21.1, under Item 
18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F for additional information):
Business Segments Business segment profit %
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022
Financial Services 24.8% 26.5%
Retail 30.1% 34.6%
Communication 20.7% 22.2%
Energy, Utilities, Resources and Services 27.8% 29.1%
Manufacturing 16.1% 18.0%
Hi-Tech 24.9% 24.9%
Life Sciences 25.4% 27.9%
All other Segments 8.1% 4.8%
Overall segment profitability has decreased primarily on account of increase in employee compensation, decrease in 
utilization, increase in travel cost and higher cost of third-party items bought for service delivery to clients as part of 
deals partially offset by benefit on account of cost optimization initiatives and currency fluctuations. Third party items  
bought for service delivery to clients include software and hardware which are integral to our overall service delivery 
to clients.
Retail profitability was lower mainly on account of higher employee cost including higher onsite mix.
Our revenues are also segmented into onsite and offshore revenues. The table below sets forth the percentage of our 
revenues by location from billable IT services professionals for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
Percentage of revenues
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022
Onsite revenue 50.9% 49.8%
Offshore revenue 49.1% 50.2%
We typically assume full project management responsibility for each project that we undertake. We divide projects 
into components that we execute simultaneously at client sites and our Development Centers located outside India 
(‘onsite’) and at our Global Development Centers in India (‘offshore’). The proportion of work performed at our 
facilities and at client sites varies from period-to-period. We charge higher rates and incur higher compensation and 
other expenses for work performed onsite. The services performed onsite typically generate higher revenues per-
capita, but at lower gross margins in percentage as compared to the services performed at our own facilities in India. 
As a result, our total revenues, cost of sales and gross profit in absolute terms and as a percentage of revenues fluctuate 
from period-to-period. 
Onsite revenue mix has started increasing marginally on account of an increase in travel to onsite locations.
The table below sets forth details of billable hours expended for onsite and offshore on our IT services professionals 
for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022
Onsite effort 24.4% 23.8%
Offshore effort 75.6% 76.2%
Revenues from software services including BPM services represented 93.7% and 93.3% of total revenues for fiscal 
2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. We also generate revenue from products and platforms, which represented 6.3% 
and 6.7% of our total revenues for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively.
The percentage of revenue from fixed price contracts for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 was approximately 52% and 
53%, respectively.
Revenues and gross profits are also affected by employee utilization rates. We define employee utilization for IT 
services as the proportion of total billed person months to total available person months, excluding sales, 
administrative and support personnel. We manage utilization by monitoring project requirements and timetables. The 
number of technology professionals that we assign to a project will vary according to the size, complexity, duration, 
and demands of the project. An unanticipated termination of a significant project could also cause lower utilization. 
In addition, we do not utilize our technology professionals when they are enrolled in training programs, particularly 
during our training course for new employees.
The following table sets forth the utilization rates of billable IT services professionals:
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022
Including trainees 77.1% 82.4%
Excluding trainees 82.5% 88.3% 
The following table sets forth our revenues by geography for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
Geography Percentage of revenues
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022
North America 61.8% 61.7%
Europe 25.7% 24.8%
Rest of the World 9.9% 10.6%
India 2.6% 2.9%
Revenue per employee has decreased from $57,733 in fiscal 2022 to $53,446 in fiscal 2023.
Cost of sales
The following table sets forth our cost of sales for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 ChangePercentage
Change
Cost of sales 12,709 10,996 1,713 15.6%
As a percentage of revenue 69.8% 67.4%
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Change
Employee benefit costs 8,826 7,714 1,112
Depreciation and amortization 524 466 58
Travelling costs 133 93 40
Cost of technical sub-contractors 1,750 1,690 60
Cost of Software packages for own use 227 179 48
Third party items bought for service delivery to clients 1,110 721 389
Short-term leases 4 3 1
Consultancy and professional charges 16 19 (3)
Communication costs 44 42 2
Provision for post-sales client support 15 10 5
Repairs and maintenance 52 51 1
Other expenses 8 8 —
Total cost of sales 12,709 10,996 1,713
The increase in cost of sales as a percentage of revenue, in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to 
an increase in the cost of efforts as a percentage of revenue (comprising of employee cost and cost of technical sub-
contractors), and an increase in third party items bought for service delivery to clients as part of deals. Third party 
items bought for service delivery to clients include software and hardware which are integral to our overall service 
delivery to clients.
The cost of efforts as a percentage of revenue has increased mainly on account of compensation increase, reduction 
in utilization and higher on-site mix partially offset by a reduction in the use of sub-contractors, and currency and cost 
optimization benefits.
Gross profit
The following table sets forth our gross profit for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Change
Gross profit 5,503 5,315 188
As a percentage of revenue 30.2% 32.6% 
The gross margins for fiscal 2023 were impacted by an increase in employee cost, an increase in third party items 
bought for service delivery to clients partially offset by reduction in sub-contractor cost, currency and cost 
optimization benefits. Third party items bought for service delivery to clients include software and hardware which 
are integral to our overall service delivery to clients.
Selling and marketing expenses
The following table sets forth our selling and marketing expenses for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 ChangePercentage
Change
Selling and marketing expenses 776 692 84 12.1%
As a percentage of revenue 4.3% 4.3%
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Change
Employee benefit costs 598 572 26
Travelling costs 35 8 27
Branding and marketing 111 73 38
Short-term leases 1 1 —
Consultancy and professional charges 16 25 (9)
Communication costs 2 1 1
Other expenses 13 12 1
Total selling and marketing expenses 776 692 84
The selling and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 have remained constant.
Administrative expenses
The following table sets forth our administrative expenses for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 ChangePercentage
Change
Administrative expenses 902 868 34 3.9%
As a percentage of revenue 4.9% 5.3%
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Change
Employee benefit costs 305 299 6
Consultancy and professional charges 178 209 (31)
Repairs and maintenance 116 110 6
Power and fuel 22 18 4
Communication costs 43 38 5
Travelling costs 22 9 13
Rates and taxes 37 35 2
Short-term leases 7 5 2
Insurance charges 21 22 (1)
Impairment loss recognized/(reversed) on financial assets 35 23 12
Commission to non-whole-time directors 2 2 —
Contribution towards Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) 58 57 1
Other expenses 56 41 15
Total administrative expenses 902 868 34 
The administrative expenses have reduced as a percentage of revenue by 0.4% during fiscal 2023 from fiscal 2022,  
primarily due to decrease in consultancy and professional charges as a percentage of revenue.
In accordance with the requirements of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, $58 million and $57 million, were contributed 
towards Corporate Social Responsibility during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively.
Operating profit 
The following table sets forth our operating profit for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Change
Operating profit 3,825 3,755 70
As a percentage of revenue 21.0% 23.0%
The decrease in operating profit as a percentage of revenue for fiscal 2023 from fiscal 2022 was primarily attributable 
to decrease of 2.4% in gross profit as a percentage of revenue partially offset by a decrease in administrative expense 
of 0.4% as a percentage of revenue.
Other income and Finance cost
The following table sets forth our other income and finance cost for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 ChangePercentage
Change
Other income, net 335 308 27 8.8%
Finance cost 35 27 8 29.6%
Other income for fiscal 2023 primarily includes income from investments of $226 million, foreign exchange gain of 
$131 million on translation of other assets and liabilities and foreign exchange loss of $80 million on forward and 
option contracts.
Other income for fiscal 2022 primarily includes income from investments of $221 million, gain on investments of $24 
million, foreign exchange gain of $24 million on translation of other assets and liabilities and foreign exchange gain 
of $12 million on forward and option contracts.
Finance cost is primarily on account of leases. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in 
the lease or, if not readily determinable, using the incremental borrowing rates in the country of domicile of these 
leases.
Functional currency, presentation currency and foreign exchange
The functional currency of Infosys, Infosys BPM, EdgeVerve, Skava, Infosys Green Forum and controlled trusts is 
the Indian rupee. The functional currencies for all the other subsidiaries are the respective local currencies. The 
consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 20-F are presented in U.S. dollars (rounded 
off to the nearest million) to facilitate the investors’ ability to evaluate Infosys’ performance and financial position in 
comparison to similar companies domiciled in other geographic locations. The translation of functional currencies of 
foreign subsidiaries to U.S. dollars is performed for assets and liabilities using the exchange rate at the Balance Sheet 
date, and for revenue, expenses and cash flow items using a monthly average exchange rate for the respective periods. 
The gains or losses resulting from such translation are included in other comprehensive income and presented as 
currency translation reserves under other components of equity. 
Generally, Indian law requires residents of India to repatriate any foreign currency earnings to India to control the 
exchange of foreign currency. More specifically, Section 8 of the Foreign Exchange Management Act, or FEMA, 
requires an Indian company to take all reasonable steps to realize and repatriate into India all foreign currency earned 
by the company outside India, within such time periods and in the manner specified by the RBI. The RBI has 
promulgated guidelines that require the company to repatriate any realized foreign currency back to a foreign currency 
account such as an Exchange Earners Foreign Currency, or EEFC account with an authorized dealer in India, subject 
to the condition that the sum total of the accruals in the account during a calendar month should be converted into 
rupees on or before the last day of the succeeding calendar month, after adjusting for utilization of the balances for 
approved purposes or forward commitments.
We generally collect our earnings denominated in foreign currencies using a dedicated foreign currency account 
located in the local country of operation. In order to do this, we are required to obtain, and have obtained, approval 
from an authorized dealer, on behalf of the RBI, to maintain a foreign currency account in overseas countries. Our 
failure to comply with RBI regulations could result in RBI enforcement actions against us.
We generate substantially all our revenues in foreign currencies, particularly the U.S. dollar, the United Kingdom 
Pound Sterling, the Euro and the Australian dollar, whereas we incur a significant portion of our expenses in U.S. 
dollar and Indian rupees. The exchange rate between the Indian rupee and the U.S. dollar has changed substantially in 
recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future. Consequently, the results of our operations may be adversely 
affected as the Indian rupee appreciates against the U.S. dollar. Foreign exchange gains and losses arise from the 
depreciation and appreciation of the Indian rupee against other currencies in which we transact business and from 
foreign exchange forward and option contracts.
The following table sets forth the currencies in which our revenues for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 were denominated:
Currency Percentage of Revenues
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022
U.S. dollar 67.5% 66.8%
Euro 13.5% 13.6%
Australian dollar 5.6% 6.2%
United Kingdom Pound Sterling 4.4% 4.5%
Others 9.0% 8.9%
The following table sets forth information on the foreign exchange rates in rupees per U.S. dollar, United Kingdom 
Pound Sterling, Euro and Australian dollar for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
Fiscal 2023 (₹) Fiscal 2022 (₹)Appreciation /
(Depreciation)
   of Indian
   Rupee in
   percentage
Average exchange rate during the period:
U.S. dollar 80.52 74.53 (8.0)%
Euro 83.80 86.49 3.1%
Australian dollar 54.96 55.00 0.1%
United Kingdom Pound Sterling 96.87 101.69 4.7% 
Fiscal 2023 (₹) Fiscal 2022 (₹)
Exchange rate at the beginning of the period: (a)
U.S. dollar 75.79 73.11
Euro 84.22 85.75
Australian dollar 56.74 55.70
United Kingdom Pound Sterling 99.46 100.75
Exchange rate at the end of the period: (b)
U.S. dollar 82.17 75.79
Euro 89.44 84.22
Australian dollar 55.03 56.74
United Kingdom Pound Sterling 101.65 99.46
Appreciation / (Depreciation) of the Indian rupee against the relevant 
currency: ((b) / (a) - as a percentage)
U.S. dollar (8.4)% (3.7)%
Euro (6.2)% 1.8%
Australian dollar 3.0% (1.9)%
United Kingdom Pound Sterling (2.2)% 1.3%
The following table sets forth information on the foreign exchange rates in U.S. dollar per United Kingdom Pound 
Sterling, Euro and Australian dollar for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
Fiscal 2023 ($) Fiscal 2022 ($)Appreciation /
(Depreciation) 
of US dollar in
percentage
Average exchange rate during the period:
Euro 1.04 1.16 10.3%
Australian dollar 0.68 0.74 8.1%
United Kingdom Pound Sterling 1.20 1.36 11.8%
Fiscal 2023 ($) Fiscal 2022 ($)
Exchange rate at the beginning of the period: (a)
Euro 1.11 1.17
Australian dollars 0.75 0.76
United Kingdom Pound Sterling 1.31 1.38
Exchange rate at the end of the period: (b)
Euro 1.09 1.11
Australian dollar 0.67 0.75
United Kingdom Pound Sterling 1.24 1.31
Appreciation / (Depreciation) of U.S. dollar against the relevant 
currency: ((b) / (a) - as a percentage)
Euro 1.8% 5.1%
Australian dollar 10.7% 1.3%
United Kingdom Pound Sterling 5.3% 5.1% 
Depreciation/appreciation in the exchange rate between the Indian rupee or other currencies and the U.S. dollar affects 
our margins positively/negatively. The exchange rate between the Indian rupee, other currencies and the U.S. dollar 
has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to do so in the future. We are unable to predict the impact 
that future fluctuations may have on our operating margins. For more discussion on our foreign exchange exposure, 
see Item 3 in the section titled “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Cost Structure – Currency fluctuations and 
changes in interest rates may affect the results or our operations” in this Annual Report on Form 20-F.
We recorded a foreign exchange loss of $80 million for fiscal 2023 compared to gain of $12 million for fiscal 2022, 
on account of foreign exchange forward and option contracts and foreign exchange gain of $131 million and $24 
million on translation of other assets and liabilities for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively.
Income tax expense
Our net profit earned from providing software development and other services outside India is subject to tax in the 
country where we perform the work. Most of our taxes paid in countries other than India can be claimed as a credit 
against our tax liability in India.
We, being a resident company in India as per the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961, are required to pay taxes in 
India on the global income in accordance with the provisions of Section 5 of the Indian Income Tax Act, 1961, which 
is reflected as domestic taxes. The geographical disclosures on revenue in Note 2.11 of Item 18 of this Annual Report 
on Form 20-F are based on the domicile of customers and do not reflect the geographies where the actual delivery or 
revenue-related efforts occur. The income on which domestic taxes are imposed are not restricted to the income 
generated from the “India” geography. As such, amounts applicable to domestic income taxes and foreign income 
taxes will not necessarily correlate to the proportion of revenue generated from India and other geographical segments.
The applicable Indian Corporate statutory tax rate for each of fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 was 34.94%.
In India, we have benefited from certain tax incentives that the Government of India had provided for the export of 
services from the SEZ units registered under the SEZ Act. As per the section 10AA of the Income Tax Act, SEZ unit 
who began to provide services on or after April 1, 2005, are eligible for an income tax deduction of 100% of profits 
or gains derived from the export of services for the first five years beginning with the assessment year relevant to the 
previous year in which the SEZ unit begins to provide services and 50% of such profits or gains for the five years 
thereafter. Up to 50% of such profits or gains is also available for a further five years subject to creation of a Special 
Economic Zone Re-Investment Reserve out of the profit of the eligible SEZ units and utilization of such reserve by 
the Company for acquiring new plant and machinery for the purpose of its business as per the provisions of the Income 
Tax Act. In the event, the Company is not able to utilize the SEZ reserve for investment in plant and machinery within 
the timeline specified under the Income Tax Act, Company will have to pay tax on the unutilized reserve following 
the expiry of year specified. This would result in increase in tax cost.
As a result of these tax incentives, a portion of our pre-tax income has not been subject to income tax. These tax 
incentives resulted in a decrease in our income tax expense of $362 million and $395 million for fiscal 2023 and 2022, 
respectively, compared to the tax amounts that we estimate we would have been required to pay if these incentives 
had not been available. The per share effect of these tax incentives computed based on both basic and diluted weighted 
average number of equity shares for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 was $0.09 and $0.09, respectively. See Note 2.18, 
Income Taxes, under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F for reconciliation of the income tax provision to 
the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to the income before income taxes.
The following table sets forth our income tax expense and effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 ChangePercentage
Change
Income tax expense 1,142 1,068 74 6.9%
Effective tax rate 27.7% 26.4%
Our effective tax rate has increased marginally to 27.7% in fiscal 2023 from 26.4% in fiscal 2022. Effective tax rate 
is generally influenced by various factors including differential tax rates, non-deductible expenses, exempt non- 
operating income, overseas taxes, benefits from SEZ units, tax reversals and provisions pertaining to prior periods, 
changes to tax regulations and other tax deductions.
Income tax expense for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 includes reversal (net of provisions) of $13 million and $36 million, 
respectively. For fiscal 2023, the tax reversals comprise of reversal of provisions of $38 million made in earlier periods 
which is offset by an additional tax provision of $25 million pertaining to prior periods. For fiscal 2022, the tax 
reversals comprise of reversal of provisions of $71 million made in earlier periods which is offset by an additional tax 
provision of $35 million pertaining to prior periods. 
These reversals and provisions pertaining to prior periods are primarily on account of adjudication of certain disputed 
matters, upon filing of tax return and completion of assessments, across various jurisdictions.
The Company’s Advanced Pricing Arrangement (APA) with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for US branch income 
tax expired in March 2021. The Company has applied for renewal of APA and currently the US taxable income is 
based on the Company’s best estimate determined based on the expected value method.
As of March 31, 2023, claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts from the Income tax authorities amounted 
to $494 million (₹4,062 crore).
As of March 31, 2022, claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts from the Income tax authorities amounted 
to $528 million (₹4,001 crore).
The amount paid to statutory authorities against the tax claims amounted to $794 million (₹6,528 crore) and $791 
million (₹5,996 crore) as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively.
The claims against the Group majorly represent demands arising on completion of assessment proceedings under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961. These claims are on account of multiple issues of disallowances such as disallowance of profits 
earned from units registered under the Software Technology Parks Scheme (“STP Units”) and SEZ Units, 
disallowance of deductions in respect of hiring of new employees under section 80JJAA, disallowance of expenditure 
towards software being held as capital in nature and payments made to Associated Enterprises held as liable for 
withholding of taxes.
These matters are pending before various Appellate Authorities.
The management including the Company’s tax advisors expect that the Company’s position will likely be upheld on 
ultimate resolution and will not have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position and results of 
operations.
Net profit
The following table sets forth our net profit for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Change
Net profit 2,983 2,968 15
As a percentage of revenues 16.4% 18.2%
The decrease in net profit as a percentage of revenues for fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily 
attributable to a decrease in operating profit by 2%, and a decrease in other income as a percentage of revenue by 
0.1% which is partially offset by a decrease of 0.3% in tax expense as a percentage of revenue.
Sensitivity analysis for defined benefit plans for Fiscal 2023 over Fiscal 2022
We provide for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan (Gratuity Plan) covering eligible employees. The Gratuity 
Plan provides a lump-sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death, incapacitation, or termination of 
employment, of an amount based on the respective employee’s salary and the tenure of employment. 
The following table sets forth the defined benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets as of March 31, 2023, and 
March 31, 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Benefit obligation at the end 216 227
Fair Value of plan assets at the end 214 226
Funded Status – (Accrued defined benefit plan liability) (2) (1)
We also operate defined benefit pension plan in certain overseas jurisdictions, in accordance with local laws. The 
plans provide for periodic payouts after retirement and/or a lumpsum payment as set out in rules of each fund and 
includes death and disability benefits. The defined benefit plans require contributions which are based on a percentage 
of salary that varies depending on the age of the respective employees.
The following table sets forth the defined benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets as of March 31, 2023, and 
March 31, 2022, pertaining to our overseas pension plan:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Benefit obligation at the end 112 122
Fair Value of plan assets at the end 106 111
Funded Status – (Accrued defined benefit plan liability) (6) (11)
Further, we also provide for provident fund to eligible employees of Infosys, which is a defined benefit plan as the 
Company has an obligation to make good the shortfall, if any, between the return from the investments of the trust 
and the notified interest rate. 
The following table sets forth the defined benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets as of March 31, 2023, and 
March 31, 2022, pertaining to our defined benefit provident fund plan:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Benefit obligation at the end 1,281 1,228
Fair Value of plan assets at the end 1,239 1,195
Funded Status – (Accrued defined benefit plan liability) (42) (33)
See Note 2.14.1, Gratuity and pensions, and 2.14.3 Provident Fund under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F 
for disclosures on assumptions used, basis of determination of assumptions and sensitivity analysis for significant 
actuarial assumptions.
Liquidity and capital resources
In 1993, we raised approximately $4.4 million in gross aggregate proceeds from our initial public offering of equity 
shares in India. In 1994, we raised an additional $7.7 million through private placements of our equity shares with 
foreign institutional investors, mutual funds, Indian domestic financial institutions, and corporations. On March 11, 
1999, we raised $70.4 million in gross aggregate proceeds from our initial public offering of ADSs in the United 
States. Our growth in subsequent years has been financed largely by cash generated from operations.
As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, we had $3,857 million and $4,432 million, respectively, in working capital. The 
working capital as of March 31, 2023, includes $1,481 million in cash and cash equivalents and $841 million in current 
investments. The working capital as of March 31, 2022 includes $2,305 million in cash and cash equivalents and $880 
million in current investments. We have no outstanding borrowings. We believe that our working capital is sufficient 
to meet our current requirements. We believe that a sustained reduction in IT spending by clients, a longer sales cycle,  
or a continued economic downturn in any of the various geographic locations or business segments in which we 
operate, could result in a decline in our revenue and negatively impact our liquidity and cash resources.
Our principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, investments, and the cash flow that we generate from 
operations. Our cash and cash equivalents are comprised of deposits with banks and financial institutions with high 
credit-ratings assigned by international and domestic credit-rating agencies which can be withdrawn at any point of 
time without prior notice or penalty on principal. Cash and cash equivalents are primarily held in Indian Rupees. These 
cash and cash equivalents included a restricted cash balance of $44 million and $62 million as of March 31, 2023 and 
2022, respectively. These restrictions are primarily on account of bank balances held by irrevocable trusts controlled 
by us. Our investments comprise of mutual fund units, Target maturity fund units and quoted debt securities (including 
investment in non-convertible debentures), certificates of deposit, commercial papers and government securities. 
Certificates of deposit and commercial papers represent marketable securities of banks, NBFCs and eligible financial 
institutions for a specified time period with high credit rating by domestic credit rating agencies. Investments made in 
non-convertible debentures represent debt instruments issued by government aided institutions and financial 
institutions with high credit rating. 
A significant portion of our investments, along with our cash and cash equivalents, are fully liquid at any point in 
time. In addition, our investments are well-diversified in terms of their maturities as well as from a counter-party 
perspective. Thus, we do not perceive any liquidity risk from our investment portfolio perspective.
The following table sets forth our cash flows for fiscal 2023 and 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022
Net cash provided by operating activities 2,853 3,345
Net cash (used) in investing activities (218) (1,005 )
Net cash (used) in financing activities (3,288 ) (3,325 )
Net cash provided by operating activities:
Our cash flows are robust. Our operating cash flows have decreased to $2,853 million in fiscal 2023 from $3,345 
million in fiscal 2022 mainly on account of outflow on working capital and marginally higher income tax payments.
Trade receivables as a percentage of last 12 months’ revenues were 17% and 18.4% as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, 
respectively. Days Sales Outstanding (DSO) based on last 12 months’ revenues were 62 days and 67 days as of March 
31, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Days Sales Outstanding has reduced in the current year due to the Management’s 
strong focus on ensuring timely collection from clients. Unbilled increase is mainly attributable to complex and 
integrated large deals.
In fiscal 2023, income tax paid under protest, consequent to demand from tax authorities in major tax jurisdictions 
was $1 million, relating to fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2019. Further, in fiscal 2023, refunds received from tax authorities was 
$34 million relating primarily to fiscal 2017 to fiscal 2023.
In fiscal 2022, income tax paid under protest, consequent to demand from tax authorities in major tax jurisdictions 
was $44 million, relating to fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2018. Further, in fiscal 2022, refunds received from tax authorities 
was $55 million relating primarily to fiscal 2017.
These demands were mainly towards denial of certain tax deductions such as disallowance of expenditure towards 
software being held as capital in nature, disallowance of certain capital gain exemption, disallowance of depreciation 
on intangible assets and non-grant of deduction under section 10AA of Income Tax Act. We have filed appeals with 
the Appellate Authorities (see Note 2.18, Income Taxes, under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F).
Based on the assumptions as of March 31, 2023, we expect to contribute $27 million towards gratuity trusts and $5 
million towards pension during fiscal 2024 (See Note 2.14.1, Gratuity and Pension, under Item 18 of this Annual 
Report on Form 20-F). 
Net cash used in investing activities:
Net cash used in investing activities relating to our business acquisitions for fiscal 2023 was $113 million. There were 
no acquisitions made during the fiscal 2022.
During fiscal 2023 we paid $113 million, net of cash acquired, towards the acquisitions of oddity and BASE. The 
aggregate purchase consideration of the two acquisitions included contingent consideration with an estimated fair 
value of $6 million as on the date of acquisition. The undiscounted value of contingent consideration as of March 31, 
2023 was $7 million. Additionally, these acquisitions have retention payouts and bonuses payable to the employees 
of the acquiree amounting to $42 million over three years from the acquisition date, subject to their continuous 
employment with the group along with achievement of certain financial targets.
The non-controlling shareholders of our acquisitions have a put option which, if exercised, would require the Group 
to purchase the remaining shares in those entities. The financial liability outstanding as of March 31, 2023 was $73 
million.
Net cash used in investing activities, relating to acquisition of additional property, plant, and equipment and intangibles 
for fiscal 2023 and 2022 was $319 million and $290 million, respectively, for our software development centers.
During fiscal 2023 and 2022, we invested $10,667 million and $8,586 million, respectively, in marketable securities. 
Further, we redeemed marketable securities of $10,779 million and $7,785 million of during fiscal 2023 and 2022, 
respectively. We redeem investments to fund our business operations, dividend payouts and buybacks in line with the 
execution of our capital allocation policy. Marketable securities include liquid mutual funds, target maturity funds, 
quoted debt securities, certificates of deposit and commercial papers. Investment in equity and preference securities 
and other investments was $2 million and $3 million during fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Further, sale of such 
investments during fiscal 2023 and 2022 was $12 million and $1 million, respectively. We invest in the start-up 
ecosystem to gain access to innovation that, when combined with our services and solutions, can benefit our clients. 
These investments are typically minority equity positions in start-up companies and/or venture capital funds. As of 
March 31, 2023, a total of $77 million has been invested in such assets since inception, and we have an uncalled 
capital commitment of $11 million. Our investments are fair valued in line with our accounting policy. We have exited 
some of our investments either because the investee company was sold to new shareholders or because it ceased to 
have any further strategic value for us. The carrying value of investments as of March 31, 2023, was $45 million. 
During fiscal 2023 and 2022, we invested $123 million and $121 million, respectively, in deposits placed with 
corporation. Further, redemption of deposits placed with corporation during fiscal 2023 and 2022 was $94 million and 
$101 million, respectively. 
Net cash used in financing activities:
Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2023 primarily includes $1,697 million towards dividend payments, 
$1,398 million towards buyback of equity shares including transaction costs and tax on buyback and $151 million 
towards payment of lease liabilities. Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2022 primarily includes $1,703 
million towards dividend payments, $1,503 million towards buyback of equity shares including transaction costs and 
tax on buyback and $125 million towards payment of lease liabilities.
During fiscal 2023 and 2022, $14 million and $112 million, respectively, was settled directly by a third party to the 
customer on behalf of the Company relating to certain technology assets taken over by the Company from a customer 
and accordingly considered as non-cash transaction. Refer to note 2.5 Other liabilities of Item 18 of this Annual Report 
on Form 20-F for further details.
As of March 31, 2023, the total lease liabilities on an undiscounted basis amounts to $1,123 million. For more details 
on the contractual maturities of lease liabilities refer to Note 2.8 leases, under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 
20-F.
Further refer to Note 2.3, Financial instruments, liquidity risk section under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 
20-F for the contractual maturity of significant financial liabilities. 
Buyback completed in February 2023
The shareholders approved the proposal of the buyback of equity shares recommended by its Board of Directors by 
way of e-voting on the postal ballot, the results of which were declared on December 3, 2022, from the open market 
route through Indian stock exchanges of up to ₹9,300 crore (maximum buyback size, excluding buyback tax) at a price 
not exceeding ₹1,850/- per share. The buyback was offered to all equity shareholders of the Company (other than the 
Promoters, the Promoter Group and Persons in Control of the Company) under the open market route through Indian 
stock exchanges. The buyback of equity shares through Indian stock exchanges commenced on December 7, 2022 and 
was completed on February 13, 2023. During this buyback period, we purchased and extinguished a total of 
60,426,348 equity shares from the stock exchange at a volume weighted average buyback price of ₹1,539.06/- per 
equity share comprising 1.44% of the pre buyback paid-up equity share capital of the Company. The buyback resulted 
in a cash outflow of ₹9,300 crore (excluding transaction costs and tax on buyback) ($1,130 million). We funded the 
buyback from our free reserves including Securities Premium as explained in Section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Buyback completed in September 2021
The shareholders approved the proposal of the buyback of equity shares in our Annual General meeting held on June 
19, 2021, from the open market route through Indian stock exchanges of up to ₹9,200 crore (maximum buyback size) 
at a price not exceeding ₹1,750/- per share. The buyback was offered to all equity shareholders of the Company (other 
than the Promoters, the Promoter Group and Persons in Control of the Company) under the open market route through 
Indian stock exchanges. The buyback of equity shares through Indian stock exchanges commenced on June 25, 2021 
and was completed on September 8, 2021. During this buyback period, we purchased and extinguished a total of 
55,807,337 equity shares from the stock exchange at a volume weighted average buyback price of ₹1,648.53/- per 
equity share comprising 1.31% of the pre buyback paid-up equity share capital of the Company. The buyback resulted 
in a cash outflow of ₹9,200 crore (excluding transaction costs and tax on buyback) ($1,243 million). We funded the 
buyback from our free reserves including Securities Premium as explained in Section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013.
Dividends
The following table sets forth the dividend per share declared for fiscal 2023 and 2022:
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022
in ₹ in $ (4) in ₹ in $ (4)
- Interim dividend 16.50 0.20 15.00 0.20
- Final dividend 17.50 (1)0.21 16.00 0.21
34.00 0.41 31.00 0.41
Payout ratio (interim and final dividend) 69.5 %(2)(3)57.2 %(2)
(1)Recommended by the Board at its meeting held on April 13, 2023, subject to the approval by the shareholders 
at the ensuing Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held on June 28, 2023, and if approved would 
result in a net cash outflow of approximately $881 million (excluding dividend paid on treasury shares).
(2)Our present capital allocation policy effective fiscal 2020 is to pay approximately 85% of the free cash flow* 
cumulatively over a 5-year period through a combination of semi-annual dividends and/or share buyback and/or 
special dividends, subject to applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any. Dividend and buyback payouts 
include applicable taxes, if any.
(3)Based on outstanding number of shares on March 31, 2023.
(4)Converted at the monthly exchange rate in the month of declaration of dividend.
*     Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditure as per the 
consolidated statement of cash flows prepared under IFRS. 
The following table shows the cash outflow in the form of dividend payments:
(Dollars in millions)
Particulars Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022
Cash outflow *#
 - Final dividend for fiscal 2022 856 —
 - Interim dividend for fiscal 2023 841 —
 - Final dividend for fiscal 2021 — 861
 - Interim dividend for fiscal 2022 — 842
* Excludes dividend paid on treasury shares
# The Company declares and pays dividends in Indian rupees. The conversion of dividend paid to U.S. dollars is based 
on the exchange rate on date of payment
Contractual commitments
As of March 31, 2023, we had contractual commitments for capital expenditure primarily comprising of commitments 
for infrastructure facilities and computer equipments aggregating to $117 million, as compared to $164 million as of 
March 31, 2022. These commitments include $100 million in commitments for domestic purchases as of March 31, 
2023, as compared to $109 million as of March 31, 2022; and $17 million in overseas commitments as of March 31, 
2023, as compared to $55 million as of March 31, 2022. All our capital commitments will be financed out of cash 
generated from operations. We expect our outstanding contractual commitments as of March 31, 2023, to be majorly 
completed in a year.
Further we have an uncalled capital commitment towards investments of $11 million as of March 31, 2023, as 
compared to $4 million as of March 31, 2022.
As of March 31, 2023, we had purchase obligations amounting to $1,476 million, out of which approximately 48% is 
expected to be completed within the next year and the remaining thereafter. Purchase obligation means an agreement 
to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on the Company that specifies all significant 
terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the 
approximate timing of the transaction.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
General
Market risk is attributable to all market sensitive financial instruments including foreign currency receivables and 
payables. The value of a financial instrument may change as a result of changes in the interest rates, foreign currency 
exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices and other market changes that affect market risk sensitive instruments.
Our exposure to market risk is a function of our revenue generating activities and any future borrowing activities in 
foreign currency. The objective of market risk management is to avoid excessive exposure of our earnings and equity 
to loss. Most of our exposure to market risk arises out of our foreign currency revenues, receivables, and payables.
We have chosen alternative 1 provided by Item 11 of Form 20-F to disclose quantitative information about market 
risk. All the required information under alternative 1 has been either included in components of market risk as given 
below or in Note 2.3 under Item 18 of this Annual Report and such information has been incorporated herein by 
reference. 
The following table provides the cross references to Notes under Item 18 of this Annual Report which contains 
disclosures required under alternative 1 of Item 11 of Form 20-F.
Sl. 
No.Requirements of 
Alternative 1 of Item 
11Cross reference to notes in the financial 
statements for instruments held for trading 
(Derivative financial instruments)Cross reference to notes in the financial 
statements for instruments other than for trading 
purposes (All other financial instruments)
1. Fair values of market 
risk sensitive 
instrumentsTable: The carrying value and fair value of 
financial instruments by categories under Note 
2.3, Financial Instruments, of Item 18 of this 
Annual Report.Table: The carrying value and fair value of 
financial instruments by categories under Note 
2.3, Financial Instruments, of Item 18 of this 
Annual Report.
2. Contract terms to 
determine future cash 
flows, categorized by 
expected maturity 
termsSection: Derivative Financial Instruments under 
Note 2.3, Financial Instruments, of Item 18 of 
this Annual Report describing the terms of 
forward and options contracts and the table 
depicting the relevant maturity groupings based 
on the remaining period as of March 31, 2023, 
and March 31, 2022.
 
We have provided the outstanding contract 
amounts in Note 2.3, Financial Instruments, of 
Item 18 of this Annual Report, table giving 
details in respect of outstanding foreign exchange 
forward and option contracts.Current Financial Assets: The expected maturity 
of these assets falls within one year hence no 
additional disclosures are required.
 
Non-Current Financial Assets:
 
Prepayments and Other Assets - The financial 
assets under this schedule primarily consist of 
deposit held with corporation to settle certain 
employee-related obligations as and when they 
arise during the normal course of business and 
rental deposits with service providers. 
Consequently, the period of maturity could not be 
estimated (see Note 2.4, Prepayments and Other 
Assets, under Item 18 of this Annual Report on 
Form 20-F for additional information). Hence, we 
have not made any additional disclosures for the 
maturity of non-current financial assets. Further it 
includes net investment in sublease of right of use 
asset (see Note 2.8, Leases, under Item 18 of this 
Annual Report on Form 20-F for contractual 
maturity of net investment in sublease table).
 
Financial Liabilities: Refer to Section “Liquidity 
Risk” under Note 2.3 of Item 18 of this Annual 
Report, table containing the details regarding the 
contractual maturities of significant financial 
liabilities as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 
2022.
3. Contract terms to 
determine cash flows 
for each of the next 
five years and 
aggregate amount for 
remaining yearsSame table as above however as all our forward 
and option contracts mature within 12 months, 
we do not require further classification.Refer to Section “Liquidity Risk” under Note 2.3 
of Item 18 of this Annual Report, table containing 
the details regarding the contractual maturities of 
significant financial liabilities as of March 31, 
2023, and March 31, 2022.
4. Categorization of 
market risk sensitive 
instrumentsWe have categorized the forwards and option 
contracts based on the currency in which the 
forwards and option contracts were denominated 
in accordance with instruction to Item 11(a) 2 B 
(v). Refer to section entitled: Derivative 
Financial Instruments under Note 2.3, Financial 
Instruments, of Item 18 of this Annual Report; 
table giving details in respect of outstanding 
foreign exchange forward and option contracts.We have categorized the financial assets and 
financial liabilities based on the currency in 
which the financial instruments were 
denominated in accordance with instruction to 
Item 11(a) 2 B (v). Refer to section entitled: 
Financial Risk Management under Note 2.3, 
Financial Instruments, under Item 18 of this 
Annual Report; table analyzing the foreign 
currency risk from financial instruments as of 
March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022.
5. Descriptions and 
assumptions to 
understand the above 
disclosuresAll the tables given under Note 2.3, Financial 
Instruments, under Item 18 of this Annual Report 
have explanatory headings and the necessary 
details to understand the information contained in 
the tables.All the tables given under Note 2.3, Financial 
Instruments, under Item 18 of this Annual Report 
have explanatory headings and the necessary 
details to understand the information contained in 
the tables.
  
Risk Management Procedures
We manage market risk through treasury operations. Our treasury operations' objectives and policies are approved by 
senior management and our Audit Committee. The activities of treasury operations include management of cash 
resources, implementing hedging strategies for foreign currency exposures, borrowing strategies, if any, and ensuring 
compliance with market risk limits and policies.
Components of Market Risk
(1) Exchange rate risk. Our exposure to market risk arises principally from exchange rate risk. Even though 
our functional currency is the Indian rupee, we generate a major portion of our revenues in foreign 
currencies, particularly the U.S. dollar, the Euro, the Australian dollar and the United Kingdom Pound 
Sterling, whereas we incur a significant portion of our expenses in U.S. dollar and Indian rupees. The 
exchange rate between the Indian rupee and the U.S. dollar has changed substantially in recent years and 
may fluctuate substantially in the future. Consequently, the results of our operations may be adversely 
affected as the Indian rupee appreciates against the U.S. dollar. For fiscal 2023 and 2022, U.S. dollar 
denominated revenues represented 67.5% and 66.8% of total revenues, respectively. For the same periods, 
revenues denominated in the Euro represented 13.5% and 13.6% of total revenues, revenues denominated 
in the Australian dollar represented 5.6% and 6.2% of total revenues while revenues denominated in the 
United Kingdom Pound Sterling represented 4.4% and 4.5% of total revenues. Our exchange rate risk 
primarily arises from our foreign currency revenues, receivables, and payables.
We use derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange forward and option contracts to mitigate 
the risk of changes in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures. Counterparty for such contracts is 
generally a bank.
Refer to Note 2.3 in Item 18 in this Annual Report for the details in respect of outstanding foreign exchange 
forward and options contracts. 
The forward and option contracts typically mature within 12 months, must be settled on the day of maturity 
and may be cancelled subject to the receipt or payment of any gains or losses in the difference between the 
contract exchange rate and the market exchange rate on the date of cancellation. We use these derivative 
instruments only as a hedging mechanism and not for speculative purposes. We may not purchase adequate 
instruments to insulate ourselves from foreign exchange currency risks. In addition, any such instruments 
may not perform adequately as a hedging mechanism. The policies of the RBI may change from time to 
time which may limit our ability to hedge our foreign currency exposures adequately. We may, in the 
future, adopt more active hedging policies, and have done so in the past.
(2) Fair value. Refer to Note 2.3 in Item 18 in this Annual Report for the disclosure on carrying value and fair 
value of financial assets and liabilities.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
Standards issued but not yet effective
New and revised IFRS Standards in issue but not yet effective:
Amendments to IAS 8, Accounting Policies, Changes in 
Accounting Estimates and Errors:Definition of Accounting Estimates
Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial 
Statements:Disclosure of Accounting Policies
Amendments to IAS12, Income taxes :Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising 
from a Single Transaction
Amendments to IFRS 16, Leases :Lease liability in a Sale and Leaseback 
Amendments to IAS 8
On February 12, 2021, International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) has issued amendments to IAS 8 Accounting 
Policies, Changes in Accounting estimates and Errors which introduced a definition of ‘accounting estimates’ and 
included amendments to IAS 8 to help entities distinguish changes in accounting policies from changes in accounting 
estimates. The effective date for adoption of this amendment is annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, 
although early adoption is permitted. We have evaluated the amendment and there is no impact on our consolidated 
financial statements.
Amendments to IAS 1
On February 12, 2021, International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) has issued amendments to IAS 1 
Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements which requires 
the entities to disclose their material accounting policies rather than their significant accounting policies. The effective 
date for adoption of this amendment is annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, although early adoption 
is permitted. We have early adopted this amendment and the impact of the amendment is insignificant in our 
consolidated financial statements.
Amendments to IAS 12
On May 7, 2021, IASB has issued amendment to IAS 12 Income Taxes which narrowed the scope of the initial 
recognition exemption so that it does not apply to transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary 
differences.
The effective date for adoption of this amendment is annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, although 
early adoption is permitted. We have evaluated the amendment and there is no impact on our consolidated financial 
statements.
Amendments to IFRS 16
On September 22, 2022, IASB has issued amendments to IFRS 16 Leases, which added requirements explaining the 
subsequent measurement for a sale and leaseback transaction. These amendments will not change the accounting for 
leases other than those arising in a sale and leaseback transaction. The effective date for the adoption of this 
amendment is annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024, although early adoption is permitted. 
We have evaluated the amendment and there is no impact on our consolidated financial statements.
Critical Accounting Estimates
We consider the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements for fiscal 2023 
as their application places the most significant demands on management's judgment, with financial reporting results 
relying on estimation about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Specific risks for these critical 
accounting estimates and judgments are described in the following paragraphs. For all of these policies, future events 
rarely develop exactly as forecast, and the best estimates routinely require adjustment.
For details of our significant accounting policies refer to the financials under item 18 in this Annual Report on Form 
20-F. 
1. Estimates and judgments
We prepare financial statements in conformity with IFRS, which requires us to make estimates, judgments, and 
assumptions. These estimates, judgments and assumptions affect the application of accounting policies and the 
reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial 
statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Application of accounting policies which 
require critical accounting estimates involving complex and subjective judgments and the use of assumptions in the 
consolidated financial statements have been disclosed below. However, accounting estimates and judgments could 
change from period to period and actual results could differ from those estimates. Appropriate changes in estimates 
and judgments are made as and when we become aware of changes in circumstances surrounding the estimates and 
judgements. Changes in estimates and judgments are reflected in the period in which changes are made and, if material, 
their effects are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
A.Revenue recognition
Our contracts with customers include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Revenues 
from customer contracts are considered for recognition and measurement when the contract has been approved, in 
writing, by the parties to the contract, the parties to the contract are committed to perform their respective obligations 
under the contract, and the contract is legally enforceable. We assess the services promised in a contract and identify 
distinct performance obligations in the contract. Identification of distinct performance obligations to determine the 
deliverables and the ability of the customer to benefit independently from such deliverables, and allocation of 
transaction price to these distinct performance obligations involves significant judgement.
Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably on a straight-line basis when services are performed through 
an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period. Revenue from fixed price maintenance contract is 
recognized ratably using a percentage of completion method when the pattern of benefits from the services rendered 
to the customer and our costs to fulfil the contract is not even through the period of the contract because the services 
are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. The use of method to recognize the maintenance revenues requires 
judgment and is based on the promises in the contract and nature of the deliverables.
We use the percentage-of-completion method in accounting for other fixed-price contracts. Use of the percentage-of-
completion method requires us to determine the actual efforts or costs expended to date as a proportion of the estimated 
total efforts or costs to be incurred. Efforts or costs expended are used to measure progress towards completion as 
there is a direct relationship between input and productivity. The estimation of total efforts or costs involves significant 
judgement and is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect any changes based on the latest available 
information.
Contracts with customers includes subcontractor services or third-party vendor equipment or software in certain 
integrated services arrangements. In these types of arrangements, revenue from sales of third-party vendor products 
or services is recorded net of costs when we are acting as an agent between the customer and the vendor, and gross 
when we are the principal for the transaction. In doing so, we first evaluate whether we control the good or service 
before it is transferred to the customer. We consider whether we have the primary obligation to fulfil the contract, 
inventory risk, pricing discretion and other factors to determine whether we control the goods or service and therefore, 
are acting as a principal or an agent.
Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on incomplete contracts are recorded in the period in which such losses become 
probable based on the estimated efforts or costs to complete the contract. 
B.Income taxes
Our two major tax jurisdictions are India and the U.S., though we file tax returns in other overseas jurisdictions.
Significant judgments are involved in determining the provision for income taxes, including amount expected to be 
paid/recovered for uncertain tax positions.
In assessing the realizability of deferred income tax assets, we consider whether some portion or all the deferred 
income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the 
generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible. 
Management considers the scheduled reversals of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and 
tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the level of historical taxable income and projections for 
future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred income tax assets are deductible, management believes 
that the group will realize the benefits of those deductible differences. The amount of the deferred income tax assets 
considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the 
carry forward period are reduced. Refer to Note 2.18 under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F.
C.Impairment of Goodwill
Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis and whenever there is an indication that the recoverable amount 
of a cash generating unit (“CGU”) is less than its carrying amount. For the impairment test, goodwill is allocated to 
the CGU or groups of CGUs which benefit from the synergies of the acquisition and which represent the lowest level 
at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.
The recoverable amount of CGUs is determined based on higher of value-in-use and fair value less cost to sell. Key 
assumptions in the cash flow projections are prepared based on current economic conditions and comprises estimated 
long-term growth rates, weighted average cost of capital and estimated operating margins. Refer to Note 2.9 under 
Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F. 
Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
As of March 31, 2023, set forth below are the respective ages and positions of our directors and executive officers:
Name Age Position
Nandan M. Nilekani 67 Non-executive, Non-Independent Chairman
Salil Parekh 58 Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
D. Sundaram 70 Lead Independent Director
Michael Gibbs 65 Independent Director
Uri Levine(1)58 Independent Director
Bobby Parikh 59 Independent Director
Chitra Nayak 60 Independent Director
Govind Iyer(2)60 Independent Director
Nilanjan Roy 56 Chief Financial Officer
Inderpreet Sawhney 58 Group General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer
Shaji Mathew(3)52 Group Head - Human Resources Development
Notes: 
1. Uri Levine retired as an Independent Director effective April 19, 2023
2. Govind Iyer was appointed as an Independent director effective January 12, 2023
3. Shaji Mathew was appointed as Group Head - Human Resources and as an executive officer effective March 22, 
2023
Note:
The Board inducted Helene Auriol Potier as an independent Director of the Company effective May 26, 2023 for a 
term of three years. The proposal is being placed before the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting for 
their approval.
The following are the details of membership and chairmanship in Board committees as of March 31, 2023:  
Name Board AC NRC SRC CSR ESG RMCCyber Security 
(Risk Sub-
Committee)
Nandan M. Nilekani Chair
Salil Parekh ●
D. Sundaram ● ● Chair ● Chair ●
Michael Gibbs ● ● ● Chair ● Chair
Bobby Parikh ● Chair ● ●
Uri Levine ● ● ● ● ●
Chitra Nayak ● ● ● Chair ●
Govind Iyer ● ● Chair ● ● ●
Total no. of members 8 3 3 4 3 3 6 4
Notes:  
1. Bobby Parikh was appointed as a chairperson of Audit committee effective March 23, 2023
2. D. Sundaram ceased to be a chairperson and continues as member of Audit Committee effective March 23, 2023. 
He was appointed as a chairperson of the Nomination and Remuneration committee effective March 23, 2023
3. Govind Iyer was appointed as a member of the Nomination and Remuneration committee, CSR Committee, ESG 
committee, Risk Management committee, Cybersecurity risk sub-committee effective January 12, 2023 and as 
chairperson of CSR Committee effective March 23, 2023
4. Uri Levine retired as an Independent Director effective April 19, 2023, therefore, ceased to be the member of 
CSR Committee, ESG committee, Risk Management committee and Cybersecurity risk sub-committee.
5. Michael Gibbs was appointed as the member of CSR Committee effective April 20, 2023
Note:
The Board inducted Helene Auriol Potier as an independent Director of the Company effective May 26, 2023 for a 
term of three years. The proposal is being placed before the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting for 
their approval.
Chair – Chairperson; 
● – Member of the Committee;
AC – Audit Committee;
RMC – Risk Management Committee;
NRC – Nomination and Remuneration Committee;
SRC – Stakeholders Relationship Committee;
CSR – Corporate Social Responsibility Committee;
ESG – Environment, Social and Governance Committee
Size and composition of the Board
The Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
as amended (“Listing Regulations”) mandates that for a company with a non-executive Chairman who is a Promoter, 
at least half of its board of directors should be independent directors and the Board of directors of the top 1,000 listed 
companies effective April 1, 2020, shall have at least one independent woman director. As of March 31, 2023, the 
Board was comprised of eight members, consisting of (i) one non-executive and non-independent Chairman, (ii) one 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, and (iii) six Independent Directors. Independent directors constitute 
75% of the Board - more than the requirements of the Indian Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations and 
as defined by Rule 303A.02 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. One of the eight directors on our Board is an 
independent woman director, making up 12.5% of the Board’s strength. The Board periodically evaluates the need for 
change in its size and composition. 
Definition of Independent Directors
The definition of an “independent director” under the Indian Companies Act, 2013 and the Listing Regulations 
includes a person who is not a promoter or employee or one of the key managerial personnel of the company or its 
subsidiaries. Further, the person should not have a material pecuniary relationship exceeding ten per cent of his total 
income or such amount as may be prescribed with the company or its holding, subsidiary or associate company, or 
their promoters, or directors during the two immediately preceding financial years or during the current financial year, 
apart from receiving remuneration as an independent director. 
We abide by these definitions of independent director in addition to the definitions of an independent director as laid 
down in the NYSE Listed Company Manual and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and US securities laws by virtue of our 
listing on the NYSE in the United States.
Based on the disclosures received from all the independent directors and in the opinion of the Board, the independent 
directors fulfil the conditions specified in the Indian Companies Act, 2013, the Listing Regulations and the NYSE 
Listed Company Manual and are independent of the Management. 
Key Board qualifications, expertise and attributes 
The key qualifications, skills, and attributes taken into consideration while nominating candidates to serve on the 
Board are the following:
Financial: Leadership of a financial firm or management of the finance function of an enterprise, resulting in 
proficiency in complex financial management, capital allocation, and financial reporting processes, or experience in 
actively supervising a principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller, public accountant, auditor or 
person performing similar functions.
Diversity: Representation of gender, ethnic, geographic, cultural, or other perspectives that expand the Board’s 
understanding of the needs and viewpoints of our customers, partners, employees, governments, and other 
stakeholders worldwide.
Global Business: Experience in driving business success in markets around the world, with an understanding of 
diverse business environments, economic conditions, cultures, and regulatory frameworks, and a broad perspective on 
global market opportunities.
Leadership: Extended leadership experience for a significant enterprise, resulting in a practical understanding of 
organizations, processes, strategic planning, and risk management. Demonstrated strengths in developing talent, 
planning succession, and driving change and long-term growth.
Technology: A significant background in technology, resulting in knowledge of how to anticipate technological 
trends, generate disruptive innovation, and extend or create new business models.
Mergers and Acquisitions: A history of leading growth through acquisitions and other business combinations, with 
the ability to assess ‘build or buy’ decisions, analyze the fit of a target with the Company’s strategy and culture, 
accurately value transactions, and evaluate operational integration plans.
Board Service and Governance: Service on a public company board to develop insights about maintaining board 
and management accountability, protecting shareholder interests, and observing appropriate governance practices.
Sales and Marketing: Experience in developing strategies to grow sales and market share, build brand awareness 
and equity, and enhance enterprise reputation.
Sustainability, and Environment, Social and Governance (ESG): Experience in leading the sustainability and ESG 
visions of organizations, to be able to integrate these into the strategy of the Company.
Risk Management: Experience in identifying and evaluating the significant risk exposures to the business strategy 
of the Company and assessing management’s actions to mitigate strategic, legal and compliance, and operational risk 
exposure.
Cybersecurity: Experience in assessing and managing cybersecurity-related risks and in implementing the 
cybersecurity policies, procedures, and strategies.
Profiles of Directors and Executive Officers as of March 31, 2023
Nandan M. Nilekani (Nandan) is the Chairman of Infosys Limited, which he co-founded in 1981, and EkStep, a not-
for-profit effort to create a learner-centric, technology-based platform to improve basic literacy and numeracy for 
millions of children. In January 2023, he was appointed as the co-chair of the “G20 Task Force on Digital Public 
Infrastructure for Economic Transformation, Financial Inclusion and Development”. He was previously the Chairman  
of the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) in the rank of a Cabinet Minister. Nandan received his 
bachelor’s degree from IIT, Bombay. Fortune Magazine conferred on him the title of “Asia’s Businessman of the Year 
– 2003”. In 2005, he received the prestigious Joseph Schumpeter Prize for innovative services in economy, economic 
sciences and politics. In 2006, he was awarded the Padma Bhushan. The same year, he was named Businessman of 
the Year by Forbes Asia. Time magazine listed him as one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2006 and 
2009. Foreign Policy magazine listed him as one of the Top 100 Global Thinkers in 2010. In 2014, he won The 
Economist Social & Economic Innovation Award for his leadership of India’s unique identification initiative 
(Aadhaar). In 2017, he received the Lifetime Achievement Award from E&Y. CNBC-TV18 conferred the India 
Business Leader award for outstanding contribution to the Indian economy in 2017 and he also received the 22nd 
Nikkei Asia Prize for Economic & Business Innovation 2017. He has been inducted as International Honorary Member 
of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2019. Business Standard Annual awards 2022 conferred, “The Life 
Time Achievement Award”. He is the author of Imagining India and co-authored with Viral Shah his second book, 
Rebooting India: Realizing a Billion Aspirations and his third book with Tanuj Bhojwani, The Art of Bitfulness: 
Keeping Calm in the Digital World released in January 2022.
Salil Parekh, as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director, sets and evolves the strategic direction for the 
company and its portfolio of offerings, while nurturing a strong leadership team to drive its execution.  Salil has more 
than 30 years of global experience in the IT services industry with a strong track record of driving digital 
transformation for enterprises, executing business turnarounds, and managing successful acquisitions. He is a member 
of the National Council of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII). Earlier, Salil was a member of the Group 
Executive Board at Capgemini, where he held several leadership positions for 25 years. Salil was also a Partner at 
Ernst & Young and is widely credited for bringing scale and value to the Indian operations of the consultancy firm. 
He holds Master of Engineering degrees in Computer Science and Mechanical Engineering from Cornell University, 
and a Bachelor of Technology degree in Aeronautical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. 
D. Sundaram is the Lead Independent Director of Infosys. He is the Chairperson of the Nomination and Remuneration 
Committee and the Risk Management Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee, the Stakeholder 
Relationship Committee and the Cybersecurity risk sub-committee. His experience spans corporate finance, business 
performance, monitoring operations, governance, mergers & acquisitions, talent / people management and strategy, 
Information Technology and cybersecurity, Sustainability and ESG. He joined Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL), 
the Indian listed subsidiary of Unilever Plc, as a management trainee in June 1975 and served in various capacities 
including six years in Unilever, London as Commercial officer: Africa and Middle East (90-93) and as Sr. V.P for 
South Asia and Middle East (96-99). He was the Chief Finance Officer of HUL from April 1999 to March 2008 and 
as the Vice Chairman and CFO from April 2008 to July 2009. He is a two-time winner of the prestigious “CFO of the 
Year for FMCG Sector” award by CNBC TV18 (2006 and 2008). He was awarded as the “Best Independent Director 
Award” for the year 2019 by the Asian Center for Corporate Governance & Sustainability. Sundaram is a post-
graduate in Management Studies (MMS), Fellow of the Institute of Cost Accountants, and has done Harvard Business 
School's Advanced Management Program (AMP). He currently serves as an independent director on the Boards of 
Listed Companies; GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Limited and Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals Limited.
Michael Gibbs is an Independent Director of Infosys. He is the Chairperson of the Stakeholders Relationship 
Committee and the Cybersecurity risk sub-committee and serves as a member of the Audit Committee, the Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee and the Risk Management Committee. He is the former Group CIO for BP, PLC having 
responsibility for setting and implementing BP’s IT strategy and providing computing and telecommunications 
technology services worldwide. As CIO, Michael led a transformation of the IT function at BP, reorganizing the 
function and operating model. He led improvements in cybersecurity and the application of emerging digital 
technologies including plans for a migration of legacy data centers to the cloud. Michael served as CIO for various 
businesses including Conoco Refining & Marketing, Europe and Asia, based in London and ConocoPhillips Supply 
and Trading, Corporate Functions and Global Downstream, based in Houston. In 2008, Michael returned to London 
joining BP as VP/CIO, Refining & Marketing, before becoming Group CIO in 2013. Michael graduated summa cum 
laude from Oklahoma State University with a degree in Management Science. He completed the Executive 
Management Program at Penn State University in 1997 and the Concours/Cash CIO Leadership Program in 2004. In 
2015, he was named to CIO magazine’s list of the most influential Global CIOs and ranked as I-CIO’s 2nd most 
powerful IT executive in Europe.  
Uri Levine is an Independent Director of Infosys. He serves as a member of the Risk Management Committee, the 
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee, the Environment, Social and Governance Committee and Cybersecurity 
risk sub-committee.
He is a passionate serial entrepreneur and disruptor. He co-founded Waze, the world’s largest community-based 
driving traffic and navigation app, with more than 500 million drivers around the globe, which was acquired by Google 
in June 2013 for more than US$ 1.1 billion. Levine heads “The Founders Kitchen”, a company-builder fund, and 
serves as the co-founder and chairman of Pontera (FeeX), FairFly, Refundit and Fibo. He also serves on the Board of 
Directors of  Seetree, Zeek/CGNHub, Kahun,  WeSki, Pumba, Zoomcar, AtlanTrees, Republix, Dynamo and more.
Levine’s vision in building startups is specifically intended to disrupt inefficient markets and improve under-
functioning services with a focus on solving “BIG problems” and saving consumers time and money while 
empowering them and changing the world for the better. Levine has been in the high-tech business for the last 30 
years, half of them in the startup scene, and has seen everything ranging from failure, middle success, and big success. 
He is also a world class-speaker on entrepreneurship, disruption, evolution vs. revolutions of markets, mobility and 
startups. Motivated to encourage the next generation of thinkers and innovators, he also leads an academic workshop 
entitled “How to Build a Startup”, aimed at undergraduate and graduate-level business students. Levine is a BA 
graduate from Tel Aviv University. Before attending university, he served in the Israeli army in its special intelligence 
unit 8200. He is a trustee at the Tel Aviv University.
Bobby Parikh is an Independent Director of Infosys. He is the Chairperson of the Audit Committee, and serves as a 
member of the Stakeholders Relationship Committee and the Risk Management Committee.  He is the Managing 
Partner of Bobby Parikh Associates, a boutique firm focused on providing strategic tax and regulatory advisory 
services. Over the years, Bobby has had extensive experience in advising clients across a range of industries.  Bobby’s 
particular area of focus is providing tax and regulatory advice in relation to transactions and other forms of business 
reorganizations, whether inbound, outbound or wholly domestic. In this regard, Bobby works extensively with private 
equity funds, other institutional investors and owners and managers of businesses to develop bespoke solutions that 
optimally address the commercial objectives underpinning a particular transaction or a business reorganization. Bobby 
also works closely with regulators and policy formulators in providing inputs to aid in the development of new 
regulations and policies, and in assessing the implications and efficacy of these and providing feedback for action. 
Bobby was co-founder of BMR Advisors, a highly regarded tax and transactions firm which he helped establish and 
run for over 12 years. Prior to forming BMR Advisors, Bobby was the Chief Executive Officer of Ernst & Young in 
India and held that responsibility until December 2003. Bobby worked with Arthur Andersen for over 17 years and 
was its Country Managing Partner until the Andersen practice combined with that of Ernst & Young in June 2002. 
Bobby led the Financial Services industry practice at Arthur Andersen and then also at Ernst & Young. Bobby is a 
graduate in Commerce from the University of Mumbai and qualified as a Chartered Accountant from the Indian 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India in 1987. Other listed company boards that Bobby currently serves on as 
an independent director are Biocon Limited and Indostar Capital Finance Limited.
Chitra Nayak is an Independent Director of Infosys. She is the Chairperson of the Environment, Social and 
Governance Committee and serves as a member of the Risk Management Committee, the Stakeholder Relationship 
Committee and the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee.  She has over 25 years of professional experience in 
go-to-market, general management, and operations leadership roles at various organizations. She currently serves as 
a Member of the Board at public companies Invitae (NVTA), a medical genetics company: at Forward Air (FWRD), 
a freight and logistics company; and at private companies UrbanFootprint and GetInsured/Vimo. She is a Senior 
Advisor at the Boston Consulting Group, a venture partner at 1414 Ventures and also advises startups on go-to market 
strategies.  She was the Chief Operating Officer (COO), overseeing the go-to-market strategy at Comfy, a real-estate 
tech startup, and prior to that, she was COO at Funding Circle, an online SMB lending marketplace. Chitra has been 
in leadership roles at Salesforce for eight years, as COO, Platform, and Senior VP, Global Sales Development. She 
was earlier part of AAA, Charles Schwab, and the Boston Consulting Group as well. Chitra has a passion for 
empowering women in the workplace. She is the Co-Founder of Neythri.org, which supports South Asian professional 
women. She was also the Co-Founder of the Salesforce Women’s Network initiative. She has co-created and taught 
an MBA class on ‘Women in Leadership’ at California State University, East Bay. Chitra holds an MBA with Honors 
from Harvard Business School, an MS in Environmental Engineering from Cornell University, and a B.Tech. in 
Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology.  
Govind Iyer is an Independent Director of Infosys. He is the Chairperson of the Corporate Social Responsibility 
Committee and serves as a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Environment, Social and 
Governance Committee, Cybersecurity risk sub-committee and the Risk Management Committee. Govind Iyer retired 
as a Partner at Egon Zehnder (a Global leadership advisory Firm). Prior to joining Egon Zehnder, Govind worked at 
Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola, and Heinz. Govind has served on the Wharton Executive Education Advisory Board 
and is an active University of Pennsylvania alumnus. He has served on the Advisory Board of Asian Venture 
Philanthropy Network (AVPN). He is a founding board member and Chairperson of Social Venture Partners in India, 
is a board member at GIVE India, and is a #LivingmyPromise signatory. He is also on the Board of Karmayogi Bharat, 
a  Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) of DoPT, which will enhance capacity building in the civil service through the iGOT 
Karmayogi platform. Govind has a Bachelor of Engineering degree from Regional Engineering College, Trichy, and 
an MBA from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.
Nilanjan Roy is the Chief Financial Officer of Infosys. Prior to this, he served as the Global Chief Financial Officer 
of Bharti Airtel Ltd. and was responsible for the finance function across India and Africa. He has held various 
leadership positions for the last 13 years in Bharti Airtel, prior to which he worked with Unilever for 15 years in their 
global operations across India, Europe, and the United States. As an established finance leader, Nilanjan has extensive 
and rich global experience including shareholder value creation, ESG and corporate governance, business partnering, 
mergers and acquisitions, treasury and funding, investor relations, cost management, financial operations, taxation, 
financial accounting, and reporting. Nilanjan has a Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.) from Delhi University and is a 
Chartered Accountant.
Inderpreet Sawhney is the Group General Counsel and the Chief Compliance Officer of Infosys. In this role, she leads 
the legal and compliance function of the Company. She is a strategic business partner supporting the business in legal 
and regulatory matters, while spearheading its compliance and ethics program of the Company in line with Infosys’ 
core C-LIFE values. She has an additional responsibility for privacy and data protection at Infosys. She is a trustee of 
Infosys Foundation – the CSR arm of Infosys Limited. Inderpreet is a seasoned international professional with over 
25 years of experience, including as a General Counsel of a large IT Service company, and as Managing Partner of a 
mid-sized law firm in Silicon Valley where her mandate included counsel on complex international transactions. She 
serves as independent and non-executive director on the Board of NYSE listed Hillenbrand Inc. and is a member of 
the National Advisory Council of SABANA (South Asian Bar Association of North America). She is a frequent 
speaker at international conferences. Inderpreet has a BA (Hons.) and LL.B degree from Delhi University and an 
LL.M from Queen's University, Kingston, Canada. Inderpreet also serves as director on the Boards of EdgeVerve 
Systems Limited, Infosys BPM Limited, Infosys Americas Inc., Infosys Nova Holdings LLC and Infosys Consulting.
Shaji Mathew is the Group Head of Human Resource Development at Infosys. In this role, he is responsible for 
envisioning the roadmap for HR, driving strategy, and implementing operational priorities aligned with the overall 
organizational mandate. Shaji has over 30 years of experience in Infosys. Prior to his current role, he was Infosys’ 
global head of delivery for Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare and Life Sciences. Over the years, he has played 
various leadership roles in delivery, as also in managing client relationships, commercials, solutioning, and people 
management across the US, Europe, and APAC. He has also been actively steering the company’s efforts to create a 
more inclusive workforce as the Chair for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) in India. Shaji is a rank holder from 
National Institute of Technology, Calicut and has completed a Global Leadership Program from Stanford University 
Graduate School of Business. He has served as the Chairman of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) at the zonal 
level.
Compensation
Our Executive Compensation programs encourage reward for performance. A significant portion of the executives’ 
total rewards are tied to the delivery of long-term corporate performance goals, in order to align with the interest of 
the shareholders. The Overview of Executive Leadership Compensation is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report 
on Form 20-F.
The 2015 Plan and 2019 Plan were previously filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 20-F.
As required under the NYSE listing regulations effective April 1, 2019, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee 
will recommend to the Board the payment of remuneration to senior management. The Nomination and Remuneration  
Policy of the Company is available on our website at https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
governance/documents/nomination-remuneration-policy.pdf 
Independent Directors’ Compensation
The compensation payable to independent directors is limited to a fixed amount per year as determined and approved 
by the Board, the sum of which does not exceed 1% of net profits for the year, calculated as per the provisions of the 
Indian Companies Act, 2013. The Board reviews the performance of independent directors on an annual basis. The 
Board, while deciding the basis for determining the compensation of the independent directors, takes various factors 
into consideration. These include global board compensation benchmarking, participation of individual directors in 
Board and Committee meetings, other responsibilities such as membership or chairmanship of committees, time spend 
in carrying out other duties, roles and functions as prescribed in Schedule IV of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, 
Listing Regulations and such other factors as the Board deems fit.
Non-Executive and Non-Independent Chairman’s Compensation
Nandan M. Nilekani, Chairman, voluntarily chose not to receive any remuneration for his services rendered to the 
Company in fiscal 2023.
Remuneration to Directors in Fiscal 2023
(A) The table below describes the compensation for our Non-Executive and Independent Directors for fiscal 2023:
Name Commission ($)
Non-Executive, Non-Independent Director:
Nandan M. Nilekani(1)—
Non-Executive, Independent Directors:
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw(2)298,452
D. Sundaram(3)325,247
Michael Gibbs 329,308
Uri Levine(4)288,000
Bobby Parikh 245,493
Chitra Nayak 308,644
Govind Iyer(5)59,082
(1)Nandan M. Nilekani voluntarily chose not to receive any remuneration for his services rendered to the Company
(2)Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw retired as a Lead Independent Director effective March 22, 2023
(3)D. Sundaram appointed as Lead Independent Director effective March 23, 2023
(4)Uri Levine retired as an Independent Director effective April 19, 2023
(5)Govind Iyer appointed as Independent Director effective January 12, 2023
(B) The table below describes the compensation for our executive directors and other executive officers, for fiscal 
2023:
NameSalary 
($)Bonus &
incentive
($)Amount
accrued
for long
term
benefits ($)Value of
RSUs
granted ($)Number of
RSUs
granted
Salil Parekh 827,890 2,306,531 54,861 7,007,201(1)353,953(1)
Nilanjan Roy 331,361 257,413 25,318 861,846(2)45,829(2)
Inderpreet Sawhney 655,478 468,398 25,961 1,224,171(2)70,030(2)
Shaji Mathew(3)3,327 2,791 287 216,140(2)12,570(2)
Mohit Joshi(4)761,219 630,062 201,205 589,930(2)31,000(2)
Ravi Kumar S(5)418,565 90,750 7,361 589,930(2)31,000(2)
Krishnamurthy Shankar(6)269,760 320,839 20,933 642,787(2)30,990(2) 
Note: The grants in the table above represent the total number of RSUs and value as on the date of grant. They do not 
include forfeitures.
The performance bonuses include accruals payable as per the terms of employment agreement. The actuals could 
differ based on the completion of performance evaluation and differences are adjusted at the time of payouts.
(1) A) The Board, based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, under the 2015 
Plan, approved:
a)On April 13, 2022, performance-based grant of RSUs for fiscal 2023. These RSUs will vest in line with the 
employment agreement effective till June 30, 2022. Accordingly, 84,361 performance based RSUs were 
granted effective May 2, 2022.
b)On July 24, 2022, in line with the shareholders approval and revised employment contract which is effective 
July 1, 2022
•performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual performance equity grant) for fiscal 2023. These RSUs will 
vest in line with the employment agreement based on achievement of certain performance targets. 
Accordingly, 140,228 performance-based RSUs were granted effective August 1, 2022.
•performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual performance equity ESG grant) for fiscal 2023. These RSUs 
will vest in line with the employment agreement based on achievement of certain environment, social and 
governance milestones as determined by the Board. Accordingly, 12,894 performance-based RSUs were 
granted effective August 1, 2022.
•performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual performance equity TSR grant) for fiscal 2023. These RSUs 
will vest in line with the employment agreement based on Company’s performance on cumulative relative 
TSR over the years and as determined by the Board. Accordingly, 32,236 performance based RSUs were 
granted effective August 1, 2022.
c)The grant of annual time-based RSUs for fiscal 2023 of 19,341 RSUs. The grants were made effective 
February 1, 2023. These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement overtime in three equal annual 
installments upon the completion of each year of service from the respective grant date.
B) The Board, based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the 2019 
Plan, approved:
a)On April 13, 2022, the grant of annual performance based RSUs for fiscal 2023, in accordance with his 
employment agreement effective till June 30, 2022. These RSUs will vest in line with the employment 
agreement based on achievement of certain performance targets. Accordingly, 64,893 performance based 
RSUs have been granted effective May 2, 2022.
(2)During fiscal 2023 based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board, 
approved time based RSU grants, performance based RSU grants under the 2015 Plan and performance based 
RSU grants under the 2019 Plan to its executive officers. The grants were made in fiscal 2023. Time based RSUs 
granted under the 2015 Plan will vest over four years, performance based RSUs granted under the 2015 Plan 
will vest equally over a period of one to three years from the date of grant based on the achievement of certain 
performance targets and RSUs granted under the 2019 Plan will vest over three years based on achievement of 
certain performance targets.
(3)Shaji Mathew was appointed as Group Head - Human Resources and as an executive officer effective March 22, 
2023, accordingly the compensation details in the table above are for the period March 22, 2023 to March 31, 
2023.
(4)Mohit Joshi, President has resigned effective March 11, 2023 and was on leave till June 9, 2023 which was his 
last date with the company.
(5)Ravi Kumar S resigned as President effective October 11, 2022. 
(6)Krishnamurthy Shankar retired as Group Head - Human Resources and Infosys Leadership Institute effective 
March 21, 2023.
All the above grants were made in accordance with the 2015 Plan and 2019 Plan. The exercise price for the RSUs is 
equal to the par value of the shares. Refer to Note 2.17 of Item 18 of this Annual Report for further details.
All compensation to directors and officers disclosed in the table above that was paid in various currencies have been 
converted, for the purposes of the presentation in such table, at average exchange rates.
Equity Grants
The following is the summary of grants made to KMP during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 under the 2015 Plan and 
2019 Plan:
Particulars Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021
2015 Plan: Equity settled RSU
Salil Parekh, CEO and MD 289,060 114,490 218,739
U.B. Pravin Rao, COO and WTD(1)— — —
Nilanjan Roy 22,829 15,423 25,012
Inderpreet Sawhney 37,030 21,200 27,100
Shaji Mathew(2)6,570 — —
Mohit Joshi(3)— 70,010 90,350
Ravi Kumar S.(4)— 63,420 81,050
Krishnamurthy Shankar(5)11,990 — 14,900
367,479 284,543 457,151
2019 Plan: Equity settled Performance based RSU
Salil Parekh, CEO and MD 64,893 73,962 148,434
U.B. Pravin Rao, COO and WTD(1)— — 59,374
Nilanjan Roy 23,000 9,000 12,000
Inderpreet Sawhney 33,000 14,000 18,000
Shaji Mathew(2)6,000 — —
Mohit Joshi(3)31,000 25,000 32,000
Ravi Kumar S.(4)31,000 25,000 32,000
Krishnamurthy Shankar(5)19,000 — 10,000
207,893 146,962 311,808
Total grants to KMP 575,372 431,505 768,959
Note: The grants in the table above represent the total number of RSUs as on the respective dates of grant. They do 
not include forfeitures.
(1)Retired as a director and Chief Operating Officer effective December 12, 2021.
(2)Shaji Mathew was appointed as Group Head - Human Resources and as an executive officer effective March 
22, 2023, accordingly the grants in the above table are for the period March 22, 2023 to March 31, 2023.
(3)Mohit Joshi, President has resigned effective March 11, 2023 and was on leave till June 9, 2023 which was his 
last date with the company.
(4)Ravi Kumar S resigned as President effective October 11, 2022.
(5)Krishnamurthy Shankar retired as Group Head - Human Resources and Infosys Leadership Institute effective 
March 21, 2023.
The equity awards granted under the 2015 Plan shall generally vest within a period of four years and the RSUs granted 
under the 2019 Plan generally vest within a period of three years based on the Company’s achievement of certain 
performance criteria as laid out in the 2019 Plan and shall be exercisable within the period as approved by the 
Nomination and Remuneration Committee. 
Option Exercises and holdings
The following table gives details of exercises of RSUs and stock options by KMP for fiscal 2023 under the 2015 Plan 
and 2019 Plan:
Name of KMPNumber of
RSU 
exercisedNumber of
stock options
exercised
2015 Plan: Equity settled
Salil Parekh 124,783 —
Nilanjan Roy 26,701 —
Inderpreet Sawhney 28,975 55,566
Shaji Mathew(1)2,312 —
Mohit Joshi(2)92,475 225,500
Ravi Kumar S.(3)20,262 —
Krishnamurthy Shankar(4)22,425 28,500
317,933 309,566
2019 Plan: Equity settled
Salil Parekh 73,962 —
Nilanjan Roy 10,667 —
Inderpreet Sawhney 14,333 —
Shaji Mathew(1)— —
Mohit Joshi(2)27,333 —
Ravi Kumar S.(3)10,666 —
Krishnamurthy Shankar(4)10,000 —
146,961 —
Total 464,894 309,566
(1)Shaji Mathew was appointed as Group Head - Human Resources and as an executive officer effective March 
22, 2023, accordingly the exercises in the above table are for the period March 22, 2023 to March 31, 2023
(2)Mohit Joshi, President has resigned effective March 11, 2023 and was on leave till June 9, 2023 which was his 
last date with the company
(3)Ravi Kumar S resigned as President effective October 11, 2022
(4)Krishnamurthy Shankar retired as Group Head - Human Resources and Infosys Leadership Institute effective 
March 21, 2023 
The following table gives details of exercises of RSUs and stock options by KMP for fiscal 2022 under the 2015 Plan 
and 2019 Plan:
Name of KMPNumber of
RSUs
exercisedNumber of
stock options 
exercised
2015 Plan: Equity settled
Salil Parekh 229,792 —
U. B. Pravin Rao(1)45,351 86,000
Nilanjan Roy 22,727 —
Inderpreet Sawhney 31,926 33,334
Mohit Joshi 103,313 —
Ravi Kumar S. 102,601 56,376
Krishnamurthy Shankar 12,500 —
548,210 175,710
2019 Plan: Equity settled
Salil Parekh 148,434 —
U. B. Pravin Rao(1)59,374 —
Nilanjan Roy 5,000 —
Inderpreet Sawhney 8,334 —
Mohit Joshi 16,667 —
Ravi Kumar S. 16,667 —
Krishnamurthy Shankar 5,000 —
259,476 —
Total 807,686 175,710
(1)Retired as a director and Chief Operating Officer effective December 12, 2021
The following table gives details of exercises of RSUs and stock options by KMP for fiscal 2021 under the 2015 Plan 
and 2019 Plan:
Name of KMPNumber of
RSUs
exercisedNumber of
stock options
exercised
2015 Plan: Equity settled
Salil Parekh 292,991 —
U. B. Pravin Rao 45,349 —
Nilanjan Roy 14,347 —
Inderpreet Sawhney(1)31,924 —
Mohit Joshi 162,914 —
Ravi Kumar S.(1)128,775 —
Krishnamurthy Shankar 30,926 —
707,226 —
2019 Plan: Equity settled
Salil Parekh 100,604 —
U. B. Pravin Rao 40,241 —
Nilanjan Roy — —
Inderpreet Sawhney 6,250 —
Mohit Joshi 12,500 —
Ravi Kumar S. 12,500 —
Krishnamurthy Shankar — —
172,095 —
Total 879,321 — 
(1)Includes cash settled RSUs
The following table gives details of outstanding RSUs and stock options held by KMPs as of March 31, 2023:
As of March 31, 2023
Name of KMP RSU Stock Options
2015 Plan: Equity settled
Salil Parekh 309,879 —
Nilanjan Roy 56,196 —
Inderpreet Sawhney 89,855 —
Shaji Mathew(1)17,016 2,626
Mohit Joshi(2)174,248 —
Ravi Kumar S(3)— —
Krishnamurthy Shankar(4)6,722 —
653,916 2,626
2019 Plan: Equity settled
Salil Parekh 64,893 —
Nilanjan Roy 46,667 —
Inderpreet Sawhney 59,000 —
Shaji Mathew(1)20,667 —
Mohit Joshi(2)77,334 —
Ravi Kumar S(3)— —
Krishnamurthy Shankar(4)16,333 —
284,894 —
Total 938,810 2,626
(1)Shaji Mathew appointed as Group Head - Human Resources effective March 22, 2023
(2)Mohit Joshi, President has resigned effective March 11, 2023 and was on leave till June 9, 2023 which was his 
last date with the company
(3)Ravi Kumar S resigned as President effective October 11, 2022
(4)Krishnamurthy Shankar retired as Group Head - Human Resources and Infosys Leadership Institute effective 
March 21, 2023
Term of Office
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 precludes independent directors from retiring by rotation. Independent directors 
shall hold office for a term up to five consecutive years on the board of directors of the company and will be eligible 
for re-appointment on passing of a special resolution by the Company. Accordingly, Salil Parekh, our Chief Executive 
Officer and Managing Director, retires by rotation at the 2023 Annual General Meeting pursuant to applicable 
provisions on rotation of directors as per Indian Companies Act, 2013. Being eligible for re-appointment as director, 
Salil has sought re-appointment and the Board has recommended the same for the approval of the shareholders. The 
term of office of each of the directors as of March 31, 2023, is given below: 
NameDate when Current
Term of Office Began (1)Expiration / Renewal Date of
Current Term of Office (2)Whether Term of
Office is subject to
retirement by rotation
Nandan M. Nilekani August 24, 2017 NA Yes
Salil Parekh January 2, 2018 March 31, 2027 Yes
D. Sundaram July 14, 2022 July 13, 2027 —
Michael Gibbs July 13, 2021 July 12, 2026 —
Uri Levine April 20, 2020 April 19, 2023 —
Bobby Parikh July 15, 2020 July 14, 2023 —
Chitra Nayak March 25, 2021 March 24, 2024 —
Govind Iyer January 12, 2023 January 11, 2028 —
(1)For executive directors, this is the date such director was appointed as an executive director. For non-executive 
directors, this is the date such director was appointed / re-appointed as a director not liable to retire by rotation.
(2)For executive directors, this is the date when such director’s current term of appointment as an executive 
director expires.
Note:
The Board inducted Helene Auriol Potier as an independent Director of the Company effective May 26, 2023 for a 
term of three years. The proposal is being placed before the shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting for 
their approval.
Employment and Indemnification agreements 
Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013 our shareholders must approve the salary, bonus and benefits including stock 
incentives of all our executive directors. We have entered into agreements with our executive director, Salil Parekh, 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. Refer to the section titled “Material Contracts” in Item 10 of this 
Annual Report on Form 20-F for the details of his contracts.
We have also entered into agreements to indemnify our directors and officers for claims brought against them to the 
fullest extent permitted under applicable law. These agreements, among other things, indemnify our directors and 
officers for certain expenses, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any such person in any action or 
proceeding, including any action by or in the right of Infosys Limited, arising out of such persons’ services as our 
director or officer, expenses in relation to public relation consultation if required. 
The form of indemnification agreement for directors and officers were filed previously as an exhibit to the Annual 
Report on Form 20-F. Other than the appointment and indemnification agreements referred to in this paragraph, we 
have not entered into any agreements with non-executive directors.
Board Leadership Structure
Nandan M. Nilekani is the Non-Executive, Non-Independent Chairman of the Board (“Chairman”) effective August 
24, 2017, and Salil Parekh is the Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director (“CEO & MD”) effective January 
2, 2018. The Board appointed D. Sundaram as the Lead Independent Director effective March 23, 2023. D. Sundaram 
is also the Chairperson of the Nomination and Remuneration and Risk Management Committees. 
The responsibilities and authority of the Chairman, the CEO & MD and the Lead Independent Director are as follows:
Chairman
The Company has separated the role of Chairman and the CEO & MD to create a more balanced governance structure. 
The Chairman leads the Board, and is responsible for fostering and promoting the integrity of the Board while 
nurturing a culture in which the Board works harmoniously for the long-term benefit of the Company and all its 
stakeholders. He presides over all meetings of the Board and of the shareholders of the Company. 
The Chairman takes a lead role in managing the Board and facilitates effective communication among directors. He 
is responsible for overseeing matters pertaining to governance, including the organization, composition and 
effectiveness of the Board and its committees, and performance of individual directors.
The Chairman actively works with the nomination and remuneration committee to plan the composition of the Board 
and Board Committees, induct directors to the Board, plan for director succession, participate effectively in the Board 
evaluation process and meet with individual directors to provide constructive feedback and advice.
CEO & MD
The CEO & MD is responsible for executing corporate strategy in consultation with the Board, as well as for brand 
equity, planning, building external contacts and all matters related to the management of the Company. He is 
responsible for achieving annual and long-term business targets. The CEO & MD also monitors the external and 
internal competitive landscape and new industry developments and standards, identifies opportunities for expansion 
and acquisition, and builds relationships with customers and markets with an eye to enhancing shareholder value and 
implementing the organization’s vision, mission, and overall direction.
The CEO & MD acts as a link between the Board and the Management and is also responsible for leading and 
evaluating the work of other executive leaders.
Lead Independent Director 
The lead independent director was appointed by the Board to ensure robust independent leadership of the Board. The 
general authority and responsibilities of the lead independent director are decided by the group of independent 
directors. The lead independent director also performs additional duties as determined by the Board. 
The lead independent director provides leadership to the independent directors, liaises on behalf of the independent 
directors and ensures Board effectiveness in maintaining high-quality governance of the organization and effective 
functioning of the Board.
Board’s Role in Risk Oversight
Our Board is responsible for overall oversight of risk management. The Risk Management Committee, comprising of 
independent directors, assists the Board in fulfilling its corporate governance oversight responsibilities with regard to 
the identification, evaluation and mitigation of strategic, operational, and external environment risks. The Risk 
Management Committee has the overall responsibility of monitoring and approving the enterprise risk management 
framework and associated practices of the Company. It is also responsible for reviewing and approving risk disclosure 
statements in public documents or disclosures.
As part of exercising its risk oversight, the Board receives periodic presentations from Company officials with respect 
to cybersecurity and other information security matters, and both the Audit and Risk Management Committees of the 
Board receive regular updates from Company’s management regarding cybersecurity matters. The Company’s 
cybersecurity policy and risk management framework is presented annually to both the Audit and Risk Management 
Committees of the Board. The Company’s management meet on a periodic basis to discuss cybersecurity and other 
information security matters relevant to the Company and to oversee the Company’s adherence to its information 
security program. 
Board Member Evaluation
One of the key functions of the Board is to monitor and review the Board evaluation framework. The Board works 
with the Nomination and Remuneration Committee to lay down the evaluation criteria for the performance of the 
Chairman, the Board, Board committees, and executive / non-executive / independent directors through peer 
evaluation, excluding the director being evaluated. 
Independent directors have three key roles – governance, control and guidance. Some performance indicators, based 
on which the independent directors are evaluated, include:
•The ability to contribute to and monitor our corporate governance practices
•The ability to contribute by introducing international best practices to address business challenges and 
risks
•Active participation in long-term strategic planning
•Commitment to the fulfillment of a director’s obligations and fiduciary responsibilities; these include 
participation in Board and committee meetings.
To improve the effectiveness of the Board and its committees, as well as that of each individual director, a formal and 
rigorous Board review is internally undertaken on an annual basis.
The Board engaged Egon Zehnder, a leadership advisory firm on board matters, to conduct the Board evaluation for 
fiscal 2023. The evaluation process focused on Board dynamics, softer aspects, committee effectiveness and 
information flow to the Board or its committees, among other matters. The methodology included various techniques 
such as questionnaires, one-on-one discussions, etc. The recommendations were discussed with the Board and 
individual feedback was provided. Progress on recommendations from last year and the current year’s 
recommendations were discussed. The aspects of succession planning and committee composition were also 
considered. The Board evaluation process was completed during fiscal 2023.
Further, the evaluation process was based on the affirmation received from the independent directors that they met the 
independence criteria as required under the Companies Act 2013, the Listing Regulations and the NYSE listing 
manual.
Succession Planning
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee works with the Board on the leadership succession plan to ensure 
orderly succession in appointments to the Board and in senior management positions. The Company strives to maintain 
an appropriate balance of skills and experience within the organization and the Board in an endeavor to introduce new 
perspectives while maintaining experience and continuity. In addition, promoting senior management within the 
organization fuels the ambitions of the talent force to earn future leadership roles.  
Board and Management Changes
Inductions:
The Board has appointed D. Sundaram as the Lead Independent Director of Company, effective March 23, 2023, 
based on the recommendation of Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
Based on the recommendations of the Audit Committee and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board 
designated Shaji Mathew as an executive officer effective March 22, 2023, for the purpose of reporting under the rules 
of Securities and Exchange Commission and Key Managerial Personnel as defined under IAS 24- Related Party 
Disclosures.
The disclosure in this regard is available at https://www.infosys.com/newsroom/press-releases/2023/appointment-
group-head-human-resources.html
The shareholders approved the appointment of Govind Iyer, as an independent director of the Board effective January 
12, 2023, for a term of five years till January 11, 2028, by passing special resolution through Postal ballot Notice dated 
February 28, 2023. 
Bobby Parikh is proposed for re-appointment as an Independent director for a second term of five years with effect 
from July 15, 2023 up to July 14, 2028. The Board has recommended his reappointment for the approval of the 
shareholders at the ensuing Annual General Meeting, to be held on June 28, 2023.
Helene Auriol Potier has been appointed as an independent director of the Company effective May 26, 2023 for a term 
of three years. The Board has recommended her appointment for the approval of the shareholders at the ensuing 
Annual General Meeting, to be held on June 28, 2023.
Retirements and resignations:
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, Lead Independent director, retired as member of the Board effective March 22, 2023. The 
Board placed on record their appreciation for Ms. Shaw’s invaluable contribution, guidance, and strategic vision, that 
has helped the Company build and execute a resilient growth strategy.
The disclosure in this regard is available at https://www.infosys.com/newsroom/press-releases/2023/appointed-lead-
independent-director.html
Ravi Kumar S., President (KMP) has resigned effective October 11, 2022. The Board of Directors placed on record 
their deep sense of appreciation for the services rendered by Ravi Kumar S. for his contributions to the Company.
Mohit Joshi, President (KMP) has resigned effective March 11, 2023 and was on leave till June 9, 2023 which was 
his last date with the company. The Board of Directors placed on record their deep sense of appreciation for the 
services rendered by Mohit Joshi and for his contributions to the company.
Krishnamurthy Shankar, Group Head of Human Resources (KMP), retired on March 21, 2023. Krish has led the 
development of a strong employee value proposition, helped build a digital skills-based ecosystem and enabled digital 
career paths for employees. Krish was also integral to effectively managing the workforce and seamless business 
continuity during, and after the pandemic, while maintaining an unwavering focus on employee well-being.
Board Committees 
As of March 31, 2023, the Board has six committees and one sub-committee: Audit Committee, Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee, Stakeholders Relationship Committee, Risk Management Committee, Corporate Social 
Responsibility (CSR) Committee, Environment, Social and Governance Committee and Cybersecurity risk sub-
committee. The charters governing these committees and corporate governance guidelines are posted on our website 
at https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/Pages/policies.aspx. All of our committees and our sub-
committee consist entirely of independent directors.
The Board, in consultation with the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, is responsible for assigning and 
determining terms of service for committee members. 
The Chairman of the Board, in consultation with the Company Secretary and the respective committee chairperson, 
determines the frequency of the committee meetings. Generally, all the committees meet four times a year. The 
recommendations of the committees are submitted to the Board for approval. During the year, all the recommendations 
of the committees were approved by the Board. The quorum for meetings is the higher of two members or one-third 
of the total number of members of the committee.
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is comprised of three independent directors, each of whom was determined by the Board to be 
an independent director under applicable NYSE rules and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act as of March 31, 2023. 
They were:
▪Bobby Parikh, Chairperson and Financial Expert
▪D. Sundaram, Financial Expert 
▪Michael Gibbs
The Company Secretary acts as the secretary to the Audit Committee.
The primary objective of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board with oversight of: (i) the accuracy, integrity and 
transparency of the Company’s financial statements with adequate and timely disclosures; (ii) compliance with legal 
and regulatory requirements; (iii) the Company’s independent auditor’s professional qualifications and independence; 
(iv) the performance of the Company’s independent auditors and internal auditors; and (v) acquisitions and 
investments made by the Company.
The Audit Committee met eleven times during fiscal 2023.
The Audit Committee approved, and the Board adopted the Related Party Transaction Policy, Code on Fair Disclosure 
and Investor Relations and Insider Trading Policy. The policies that are required to be published are available on our 
website: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/Pages/policies.aspx
In India, we are listed on the BSE and the NSE. We are also listed on the NYSE in the United States. In India, 
Regulation 18 of the Listing Regulations and in the United States, the Blue-Ribbon Committee set up by the SEC 
mandate that listed companies adopt an appropriate Audit Committee charter. The Committee is guided by the charter 
adopted by the Board, available on the Company’s website, at https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
governance/documents/audit-committee-charter.pdf. The charter is reviewed annually and was last amended on April 
13, 2023, to keep it relevant to the current composition and functions of the Committee.
See Item 18 for the report of the Audit Committee.
Nomination and Remuneration Committee
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee is comprised of three independent directors, each of whom was 
determined by the Board to be an independent director under applicable NYSE rules as of March 31, 2023. They were:
▪D. Sundaram, Chairperson
▪Michael Gibbs
▪Govind Iyer
The main objectives and responsibilities of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board are to (i) assist 
the Board in discharging its responsibilities relating to compensation of the Company’s Executive Directors, KMP 
and Senior Management; (ii) evaluate and approve the adequacy of the compensation plans, policies, programs and 
succession plans for Company’s Executive Directors, KMP and Senior Management (including identifying persons to 
be appointed to positions of KMP and Senior Management in accordance with identified criteria and to recommend 
to the Board their appointment and removal); (iii) formulate the criteria for determining qualifications, positive 
attributes and independence of a director and for performance evaluation of directors on the Board (iv) administration 
of equity based plans and schemes approved by the shareholders; (v) oversee the Company’s nomination process for 
the KMP and senior management and identify, screen and review individuals  qualified to serve as directors, KMP 
and senior management consistent with the criteria approved by the Board; (vi) recommend appointment and removal 
of Directors, for approval at the annual meeting of shareholders; (vii) Carry out evaluation of the performance of the 
Board and review the evaluation’s implementation and compliance; (viii) leadership development and succession 
planning; (ix) develop and maintain corporate governance policies applicable to the Company;  and (x) devise a policy 
on Board diversity.
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee oversees key processes by which the Company recruits new members 
to its Board, and the processes by which the Company recruits, motivates and retains outstanding senior management 
as well as the Company’s overall approach to human resources management. 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee met seven times during fiscal 2023. 
The Board amended the charter of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee on January 12, 2022 and the 
Nomination and Remuneration Policy on March 17, 2023.
The committee charter and policy are available on our website, at:
Charter: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/documents/nomination-remuneration-committee-
charter.pdf ;
Policy: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/documents/nomination-remuneration-policy.pdf 
Risk Management Committee
The Risk Management Committee was comprised of six independent directors each of whom was determined by the 
Board to be an independent director under applicable NYSE rules, as of March 31, 2023. They were:
▪D. Sundaram, Chairperson
▪Michael Gibbs  
▪Uri Levine (retired from the Board effective April 19, 2023)
▪Bobby Parikh
▪Chitra Nayak
▪Govind Iyer
The primary objectives of the Risk Management Committee are to assist the Board, (i) to assist the Board in fulfilling 
its corporate governance oversight responsibilities with regard to the identification, evaluation and mitigation of 
strategic, operational, and external environment risks; (ii) to monitor and approve the enterprise risk management 
framework and associated practices of the Company; (iii) to periodically assess risks to the effective execution of 
business strategy by reviewing key leading indicators in this regard; (iv) to periodically review the risk management 
processes and practices of the Company and ensure that the Company is taking the appropriate measures to achieve 
prudent balance between risk and reward in both ongoing and new business activities; (v) to evaluate significant risk 
exposures of the Company and assess the Management’s actions to mitigate the exposures in a timely manner; (vi) to 
evaluate risks related to cybersecurity and ensure appropriate procedures are in place to mitigate these risks in a timely 
manner; (vii) to coordinate its activities with the audit committee in instances where there is any overlap with audit 
activities; (viii) to review and reassess the adequacy of the Risk management committee Charter periodically and 
recommend any proposed changes to the Board for approval; (ix) to ensure access to any internal information 
necessary to fulfill its oversight role and obtain advice and assistance from internal or external legal, accounting or 
other advisors; and (x) to appoint, remove and approve terms of remuneration of the Chief Risk Officer.
The Risk Management Committee met four times during fiscal 2023.
The Risk Management Committee charter as amended on July 14, 2021, is available on the Company’s website:  
https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/documents/risk-management-committee-charter.pdf
Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee
In April 2019, the Risk Management Committee created the Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee. As of March 31, 
2023, the Cybersecurity Risk Sub-committee was comprised of four independent directors:
▪Michael Gibbs, Chairperson and Cybersecurity expert
▪D. Sundaram
▪Uri Levine (retired from the Board effective April 19, 2023)
▪Govind Iyer 
The objective of the sub-committee is to assess cybersecurity related risks and the preparedness of the Company to 
mitigate and react to such risks. The sub-committee meets periodically and recommends its findings, if any, to the risk 
management committee. The sub-committee has appointed an external consultant who is an expert in security 
engineering to advise and guide the sub-committee on cybersecurity matters.
The sub-committee met four times during fiscal 2023.
Stakeholders Relationship Committee
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee was comprised of four independent directors as of March 31, 2023. They 
were:
▪Michael Gibbs, Chairperson
▪D. Sundaram
▪Bobby Parikh 
▪Chitra Nayak
The Board has appointed A.G.S. Manikantha, Company Secretary, as the Compliance Officer, as required under the 
Listing Regulations, effective December 1, 2015 and as the Nodal Officer effective October 14, 2016, to ensure 
compliance with the Investor Education Protection Fund ("IEPF") Rules.
The primary objectives of the Committee are to: (i) consider and resolve the security holders’ concerns or complaints; 
(ii) monitor and review the investor service standards of the Company; (iii) take steps to develop an understanding of 
the views of shareholders about the Company, either through direct interaction, analysts’ briefings or survey of 
shareholders; and (iv) oversee and review the engagement and communication plan with shareholders and ensure that 
the views and concerns of the shareholders are highlighted to the Board at the appropriate time and that steps are taken 
to address such concerns. 
The purpose of the Committee is to assist the Board and the Company to oversee the various aspects of interests of 
stakeholders of the Company. The term ‘stakeholder’ includes shareholders, debenture holders and other security 
holders.
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee met four times during fiscal 2023. 
The Stakeholders Relationship Committee charter is available on the Company’s website, at: 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/documents/stakeholders-relationship-committee.pdf
Corporate Social Responsibility Committee (“CSR Committee”)
The CSR Committee was comprised of three independent directors as of March 31, 2023:
▪Govind Iyer, Chairperson
▪Chitra Nayak
▪Uri Levine (retired from the Board effective April 19, 2023)
The CSR committee is responsible for in identifying the areas of CSR activities, programs and execution of initiatives 
as per defined guidelines and for overseeing the activities / functioning of the Infosys Foundation, Infosys Foundation 
USA and other initiatives undertaken by the Company, including Australia and Europe. The Foundations, in turn, 
guide the CSR committee in reporting the progress of deployed initiatives, and making appropriate disclosures on a 
periodic basis.
The CSR Committee met four times during fiscal 2023. 
The CSR Committee charter is available on our website at: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
governance/documents/corporate-social-responsibility-committee-charter.pdf 
The CSR Policy is available on our website at: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
governance/documents/corporate-social-responsibility-policy.pdf 
Environment, Social and Governance Committee (“ESG Committee”)
The ESG Committee was comprised of three independent directors as of March 31, 2023:
▪Chitra Nayak, Chairperson
▪Govind Iyer
▪Uri Levine (retired from the Board effective April 19, 2023)
The primary objectives and responsibilities of the Committee are to: (i) guide the creation of the ESG Vision and 
ambitions of the Company and continuously review updates and progress on the ESG vision and goals, thereon; (ii) 
review the ESG Operations Council and its working. The Committee may form and delegate authority to 
subcommittees as and when appropriate; (iii) ensure that the Company is taking the appropriate measures to undertake 
and implement actions to further its ESG vision and ambitions. The Committee shall have access to any internal 
information necessary to fulfill its role, in this regard; (iv) review any statutory requirements for Sustainability 
reporting e.g., Business Responsibility and Sustainability Reporting and guide Infosys’ leadership on global ESG 
assessments; (v) Authority to obtain advice and assistance from internal or external experts, advisors; (vi) review and 
reassess the adequacy of ESG committee charter periodically and recommend any proposed changes to the Board for 
approval.
The ESG Committee met four times during fiscal 2023. 
The main responsibility of the ESG committee is to guide the ESG journey of the Company which was embarked in 
2011. The ESG Committee charter is available on our website at https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
governance/documents/environment-social-governance-committee-charter.pdf
EMPLOYEES
As of March 31, 2023, we had 343,234 employees, of which 324,816 were professionals involved in service delivery 
to clients. As of March 31, 2022, we had 314,015 employees, of which 297,859 were professionals involved in service 
delivery to clients. As of March 31, 2021, these numbers stood at 259,619 and 245,037 respectively.
As of March 31, 2023, we had 265,886 employees in India, 38,671 employees in the Americas, 21,163 employees in 
Europe and 17,514 employees in the rest of the world.
RETURN TO OFFICE AND HYBRID MODEL OF WORK
It has been over two years since we at Infosys, transitioned to a hybrid work model, prioritizing safety and flexibility. 
This shift has enabled us to be more responsive to customer demands, more resilient to disruptions, and more 
productive, characterized by empathy and flexibility.
Today, our offices have integrated technology into their design to deliver an experience far beyond the traditional way 
of working. At Infosys, our objective is to build and retain social capital among employees to enhance collaboration 
and innovation in a hybrid workplace. In addition, working from the office in a hybrid model promotes ideation and 
self-learning, which fosters self-development. Our approach to returning to work has been balanced, with a focus on 
flexibility, employee safety and wellbeing, and client commitments.
Distinct-phased approach adopted in transitioning to hybrid work culture:
We adopted a multi-pronged approach to enable the transformational hybrid work model under the three pillars of 
work, workspace and workforce. The remote-to-hybrid transition was facilitated centrally as well as at the individual 
unit and Development Center (DC) levels. Transition was enabled at the geo level aligning to the regional norms and 
policies of individual countries where we operate. 
As we progress on a phased return to office, encouraging employees to work on a hybrid model, we are focused on 
the following aspects:
Communication and change management, DC operations and logistics, employee support measures, employee DC 
transfer and satellite offices, and client requirements.
Supporting employees in transition to hybrid work:
Infosys has taken a number of steps to support the transition to a hybrid work model. These include surveying 
employees to understand their preferences, developing a location-level microsite, providing accommodation support, 
relaxing COVID restrictions, creating user-friendly dashboards to track the adoption of the hybrid work model, 
conducting in-person freshers training , lateral induction, developing InfyMe Hoteling application, conducting 
employee well-being programs, opening six satellite offices, establishing a 24*7 helpdesk, launching a Talent 
Anywhere model, enhancing the employee experience, customizing the hybrid model to provide more flexibility to 
employees, aligning systems, processes, and policies, supporting employees and families for the booster dose 
vaccination, complying with the local laws and regulations, establishing effective employee communication and 
collaboration, and enabling managers and leaders across locations to successfully manage hybrid work.
Initiatives to enhance our Employee Value Proposition
Our Employee Value Proposition aims to inspire and enable our employees to find purpose and make an indelible 
impact through meaningful work and passionate teams; ensure that our employees continuously learn and grow in 
their careers and shape our collective future; and create opportunities for every employee to navigate further, powered 
by our culture and partnered by other employees with shared aspirations.
EMPLOYEE CAREERS & LEARNING AVENUES
•Lex: Our in-house learning platform continues to be a significant driver of talent development at Infosys. 
With remote work firmly established, Lex has evolved to engage employees through hybrid learning 
models.
•Internal Marketplace: With reskilling gaining momentum, more employees are acquiring new skills and 
capabilities. Internal Marketplace serves as a vehicle to match employees with opportunities to provide 
job rotation in work areas of their choice and capability.
•Bridge: Helps employees to develop new skills and shift to new careers that typically require different 
qualifications.
•Accelerate: This helps employees gain exposure to various roles and practical experience with new skills 
through involvement in short-term internal projects. Powered by an intelligent platform, it allows job 
 
creators to publish independent job modules (with client approvals) that their job-seeking colleagues can 
volunteer to execute. Both job creators and seekers are incentivized for work well done.
•Learning and Career: This is a one-stop-portal for all learning and career-related needs of employees 
with smart integration with other Infosys internal systems like Lex to guide employees on their learning 
journeys.
•Performance management: The framework focuses on deep engagement of key talent through regular 
conversations between managers and teams through check-ins facilitated by a contemporary tool. It also 
strengthens focus on development through career conversations and Integrated Development Plans 
(IDPs).
•Faster and predictable careers: We embarked on a journey to enable business with a view on employees 
eligible for promotion / progression in the next few quarters. This helped business in engaging with key 
talent well ahead in their career journey and ensured that they experience accelerated growth within the 
organization.
•Digital Specialist: This has emerged as an aspirational track for high performers who want to work with 
niche technologies in digital transformation projects. The career track enables employees to see capability-
driven growth that is not dependent on tenure and augments a talent pool that is continuously learning and 
generating value for us and our clients.
•Digital Quotient (DQ): This helps employees keep track of their digital skills. Those with a higher Digital 
Quotient have greater access to new opportunities and interesting projects.
•Platinum Club: A niche experience created for our top performers, it is an exclusive group of highly 
skilled and high performing individuals. The program’s structure ensures diverse career experiences for 
those who qualify.
•Aspiration management: iAIM was launched as the new framework for capturing employee aspirations 
in fiscal 2023. The framework is centred around four key principles of Connect, Converse, Converge and 
Close.
•Manager and leadership development: through key structured interventions as part of our Global 
Delivery Talent effectiveness program has contributed tremendously to the key learning and enablement 
of our leaders in Global Delivery. A basket of offerings has been designed that brings together external 
sessions, internal leader facetime, mentoring, cross-skilling, best sharing of practices and collaboration 
across our various business segments and units.
•SALESFLEX: The capability of our people and systems, which is the backbone of our organization, has 
been completely re-imagined and revamped through our multi-pronged People Transformation Charter 
named SALESFLEX. Some of the key initiatives under SALESFLEX are HORIZON, a sales-focused 
capability building intervention designed exclusively for high-potential sales leaders, SYNERGY, a four-
week onboarding program for new sales employees; I AM INFINITE, an exclusive, leadership initiative 
in partnership with Stanford Business School and Cambridge University providing a curated and 
customized experiential learning for the participants; ASSURED, a sales leadership program in 
partnership with Stanford is an exclusive, leadership initiative for leaders to strengthen their financial 
acumen; INSYNC VIRTUAL COHORT, a three-week training module launched for sales leaders, in 
partnership with ETA, that covers instructor-led webinars, self-learning courses and expert-led webinars; 
SKILLUP SALES CERTIFICATIONS, customized sales certifications from Cornell University, 
customized to enable our salesforce and prepare them for this next spurt of growth, and EMPOWER, 
INCLUSION HABIT JOURNEY, an external-led bespoke program with immersive experience for 
leaders driving the change.
 
EMPLOYEE EXPERIENCE
We strive to create a world-class employee experience by designing consistent and best-in-class policies, processes, 
programs, and systems, by focusing on creating ‘Experience by Design’. We collect employee feedback to improve 
our offerings and create positive experiences. We are committed to creating memorable moments that matter and using 
technology to drive the right behavior among managers and teams.  
 
A few initiatives in fiscal 2023:
•Digitization: We have strengthened our people practices by using technology and automation to improve 
workforce efficiency, engagement, transformation, and innovation
•People analytics: Analytics played a critical role in planning interventions during the last financial year. 
Advanced modeling tools, along with employee Pulse analytics and manager dashboards, helped us 
improve our talent strategy and retention. We also leveraged analytics effectively in the move to hybrid 
work.
•InTap: is our smart sourcing and interview management application to attract and manage candidates and 
provide best-in-class experience along with an efficient hiring process.
•Launchpad: We expanded the coverage of Launchpad to our entities and across the globe. This mobile 
app-based, selfservice platform provides new hires a guided flow, which is digital, remote and seamless, 
during the onboarding process.
•Infosys Meridian: enables a remote-first workplace that mirrors the offline experience with its event 
management platform and breakout sessions capabilities.
•InfyMe: We continued to enrich our InfyMe app with more services that enables teams to operate, connect 
and collaborate easily and it is particularly effective in the hybrid working model.
•iEngage: We use iEngage to inform, inspire, and build a happier workplace. It helps us drive vertical 
engagement between employee and unit leadership. Managers can use this to schedule engagement events, 
invite employees and track actions identified during such events.
•Intelligent automation: We are making our systems smarter with:
1. Nudges to managers and employees, which are driving the right behavior and guiding managers to take 
the right decisions in matters like role change, retention etc.
2. Chatbots that are transforming query management, and
3. Robotic Process Automation, which is being leveraged to reduce manual work of our teams.
•Employee discount programs: Infosys’ employee-centric initiatives, InfyGold+, offer exclusive 
discounts and deals on various products and services, providing a valuable perk to our employees and 
contributing to the Company’s efforts to attract and retain top talent.
 
REWARDS & RECOGNITION
•Infosys RISE (Real. Instant. Specific. Excite): underlines the importance of a single platform to meet 
all the company’s  reward and recognition needs. It allows managers to tailor incentives that align with 
their team member’s unique skills and personal circumstances. Accolades are recorded over time to 
provide a comprehensive view of an employee’s rewards while showcasing genuinely transformational 
progress in recognition and value.
•Infosys Stripes: A one-stop, gamified, point-based system that tracks and rewards employee 
achievements across functions and the organization through Infy Coins, Infy Points, badges and 
certificates. It allows employees to see their accomplishments, redeem their rewards and share their 
achievements with colleagues.
•Early Career and Rewards (ECR): This program for campus hires at Infosys aims to provide visibility 
on career and pay growth in the Company over three years since joining. The program allows employees 
to see a milestone-based career progression as well as pay increments during the program duration and 
then move to a career stream of their choice.
•Sales Excellence and Stellar Awards: Sales Excellence Awards provides a platform to recognize and 
reward the best sales talent. Stellar Awards was instituted as a quarterly recognition platform across each 
unit that will recognize individuals who have gone the extra mile and made significant contributions 
during the quarter. 
•Awards for Excellence (AFE): The AFE remains our largest rewards and recognition platform for 
employees. This year marked its 28th anniversary, and we received about 1,000 nominations across 
geographies in over 20 categories.
EMPLOYEE CARE & CONNECT
•Employee engagement: We have a robust 5C (Connect, Collaborate, Celebrate, Care, Culture) employee 
engagement framework that drives us to create best-in-class employee experiences and supports our 
people to stay motivated and always deliver their best.
•Manager Code: We have designed the Infosys manager enablement framework to equip our leaders with 
the capabilities to help their teams build technical, business and people skills along with a digital mindset 
to accelerate their development journeys. Managers also have a behaviour code that encourages them to 
adhere to seven fundamental principles that shape a good manager at Infosys.
•Infosys Great Manager Program: Our flagship manager enablement program - The Infosys Great 
Manager Program guides managers through a structured learning path to build and strengthen four key 
competencies to build future readiness – business acumen, digital mindset, leading people and operational 
excellence. The program is self-paced and is entirely in the e-learning mode to achieve a wider and broader 
reach among managers. 
•Employee well-being: At Infosys, over the years, employee well-being has developed into a more 
evolved and substantial model with the help of our program HALE (Health Assessment and Lifestyle 
Enrichment). Our wellness programs stand strong on the four pillars of physical wellbeing, social well-
being, emotional well-being, and safety.
•Power Teams include short and specific team intervention modules with project as the nucleus. Apart 
from being an excellent way to engage with employees, Power Teams aims to leverage the strengths of 
everyone to maximize project output.
 
CREATING A POSITIVE WORK ENVIRONMENT 
•Culture and values: The organization culture, driven by our core values (C-LIFE), is one of the main 
levers that drive our business. At Infosys, we work to build and sustain an inclusive, non-discriminatory 
and equal opportunity workplace. Our ESG ambition aims to strengthening diversity, equity and inclusion 
in the Company and achieving 45% representation for women in our workforce by 2030. Our workplace 
policies and investments focus on learning and development, and specific interventions for women to 
navigating their personal and professional lives.
•Orbit Next: A year-long program for our women managers in India. It aims at building capabilities 
through reskilling and honing leadership skills to prepare them for next-level roles.
•Restart with Infosys: A unique intervention we relaunched to hire women after career breaks. The 
program offers flexible working formats, training, skill building, and intense mentoring to give women 
the support and confidence they need to return to their careers.
•Women in Tech (TechCohere): This year, over 50 sessions and panel discussions were conducted by 
women technologists. 11 white papers and 37 POVs authored by women technologists were published.
•Employee Resource Groups (ERGs): To strengthen inclusion and belonging, we now have more than 
12,000 employees in various ERGs.
 
AWARDS:
•Infosys was recognized for the second consecutive year for Excellence in HR Analytics at SHRM HR 
Excellence Awards
•HALE won the Best Health and Wellness Program 2023 by India Today Group
•Iam the Future Women in Leadership Program by the Infosys Leadership Institute (ILI) won the Women 
Icons Asia D&I Champions Award in the category of Advancement of Women in 2022. This award  
celebrates and honors the accomplishments of the organization that has programs and initiatives to 
advance women in their workplace.
•IamtheFuture Women in Leadership Program by ILI won the Brandon Hall Gold Award for DEI in 2022. 
This was awarded to the program in recognition of being an excellent program in advancing development 
of women in leadership roles.
•ILI won the Chief Learning Organization’s Learning Elite Silver Organization Award in 2022, with one 
of the key contributors of this recognition being the impact of women in leadership through the 
IamtheFuture program.
 
NAM Awards and Recognition:
•Diversity Inc. Top 50 Companies for Diversity placed Infosys as “Noteworthy” Company for Diversity 
in 2021 and 2022.
•Infosys scored 100% on the Corporate Equality Index Score (CEI) in 2022 for LGBTQ+ inclusion – up 
from 95% in 2021.
 
Recruiting
As of March 31, 2023, the Group employed 343,234 employees, of which 324,816 were professionals involved in 
service delivery to the clients, including trainees.
 
We have built our global talent pool by recruiting fresh graduates from premier universities, colleges and institutes 
globally. We constantly attract and hire developers, architects, technical leaders and project managers in areas of 
digital and cloud, and transformation. We have built robust relationships with top institutions in India and recruit 
students who have consistently shown high levels of achievement. We have continued upscaling our InfyTQ platform 
which brings the best of our Mysuru training to the hands of the learners across the country. This amplified the learning 
experience of students who also undergo assessments to get the coveted Infosys Certification. We also have been 
globally recognized for our Innovation in recruitment for our HackWithInfy, an Online Coding contest, which also 
helps us attract the best of coders into our organization.
 
We also recruit students from campuses outside India, including but not limited to United States, UK, Australia, 
Singapore, Japan, Germany, Canada, Mexico, Mauritius and China. We rely on a rigorous selection process involving 
evaluation of mathematical and logical aptitude, coding ability and in-depth interviews, to identify the best applicants. 
This selection process is continually assessed and refined based upon multiple factors including performance tracking 
of past recruits. We have continued to conduct interviews virtually across the globe and the team also enhanced the 
in-house applicant tracking system which is currently being used for hiring in India and China. 
 
During fiscal 2023, we received 5,342,299 employment applications, interviewed 389,183 applicants and extended 
offers of employment to 114,374 applicants. These statistics do not include our subsidiaries. We added 29,219 new 
employees, net of attrition, during fiscal 2023.
Education, Training and Assessment (ETA)
Infosys continues to make investments in developing human potential for the organization, and for the world at large. 
The Foundation Training Program, anchored across India, Mexico, the US, the UK, Canada, Germany, Australia, 
Singapore, and Japan, continues to enable newly onboarded entry-level hires to transform into corporate professionals.  
Comprising nearly 50 technology streams, the curriculum has kept pace with the dynamic business requirements and 
the preferred pedagogical approach of the current generation of talent. The curriculum continues to be current as 
courses on Generative AI and Prompt Engineering have been introduced into the foundation program to introduce the 
freshers to the latest technologies. During the COVID pandemic, the foundation training was conducted virtually, with 
trainings being conducted in online mode.  However, keeping pace with the times, the training is back to in-person 
classroom training.   
Our Continuous Education program is aimed at reskilling / upskilling our existing employees with the twin objectives 
of increasing fulfillment of skilled talents in client projects and enriching the expertise of our global workforce in 
next-generation digital technologies and methodologies. We provide online self-learning, instructor-led virtual 
training opportunities along with in-person classroom training opportunities to our employees.  We offer ‘Bridge 
programs’ that help employees with training and internship opportunities to switch to a new career field such as 
consulting or technical architecture.  
Lex, our in-house learning platform, offers over 14,800 curated courses, which includes over 10,000+ courses 
procured from vendor partners both for enterprise consumption and niche communities who have specific content 
requirements. About 50,000 employees use Lex on weekdays with an average learning time of about 35 - 40 minutes, 
and 14,000 employees use Lex on weekends with an average learning time of about 45 - 50 minutes. 
The learning efforts at Infosys helped us get laudable external accolades from Brandon Hall, ATD Best, Training 
Apex and NASSCOM who recognized Education, Training and Assessment as the Cloud Innovator of the Year. 
Infosys Wingspan, our configurable talent transformation platform for clients, is being used by several global  
organizations. Infosys Wingspan has also been leveraged for the ESG initiative, Infosys Springboard.  In alignment 
with the Infosys ESG Vision 2030, Infosys Springboard aims to empower over 10 million people with digital and life 
skills by 2025. This program is led by a dedicated team of experts collaborating globally with curriculum partners, 
non-profits, and a global network of leading educational institutions. About 12,000+ learning courses are available in 
Springboard and about 5.3 million learners from across India have registered on Infosys Springboard. The platform is 
available in English and all major Indian regional languages, including Urdu and Sanskrit.  Infosys Springboard team 
is working with state education departments in ten states, one of which has leveraged this to enable more than one 
lakh teachers in the regional language.
Leadership development
Fiscal 2023 saw The Infosys Leadership Institute (ILI) win 5 international awards of repute, a testament to the impact 
of the leadership programs to the strategic imperatives of the organization. This includes the Chief Learning Officer 
Learning Elite award and Brandon Hall awards for overall leadership development strategy & execution, IamtheFuture 
women in leadership program, and the Culture Transformation program. The Constellation Program continued its 
focus on developing high potential leaders towards strengthening the organizational successor pool. 13 strategic 
projects and a 10-month leadership certification program with Harvard Business School (HBS) were the cornerstones 
of development of Constellation leaders. 
Since its inception in 2021, nearly 450 women leaders as part of the IamtheFuture program have successfully 
completed various phases of their learning journey towards earning the Infosys Leadership Institute-Stanford GSB 
certification. The year saw the second cohort of women leaders globally completing the program while the first cohort 
completed the advanced version of the program. IamtheFuture continues to receive extremely positive feedback not 
just from the participants, but from managers, mentors, sponsors, and other leaders. Follow through on the specific 
development actions identified through talent reviews with business heads has ensured personalized development for 
the women leaders. Leadership Counseling, Engagement and Networking Circles, Career Conversations and 
Mentoring were the other areas of focus in the program.
ILI launched a certificate program on Financial Leadership in partnership with Stanford for all the senior leaders in 
the organization. The first cohort of 150 leaders completed the program and a second one is in progress. The program 
has received stellar feedback, in no small measure due to the high level of contextualization brought in by the senior 
finance leaders of Infosys. Many leaders also successfully completed certificate programs with Wharton. The year 
also saw a variety of curated leadership programs, both internal as well as external. There was a significant increase 
in the participation, with 7000+ leadership learning days across 125 programs. About 75% of all senior leaders 
participated in at least one ivy-league program, with more than 95% completing at least one leadership program in the 
year. ILI plans to continue building on this development momentum in the coming year. 
Visas
As of March 31, 2023, less than 50% of our employees in the United States held either H-1B visas, which allow the 
employee to remain in the United States for up to six years as specialty occupation professionals, and L-1 visas, which 
allow the employee to stay in the United States for up to five years (for specialized knowledge experts) or seven years 
(for managers and executives).
SHARE OWNERSHIP
The following table sets forth as of May 19, 2023, for each director and executive officer, the total number of equity 
shares, ADSs and options to purchase equity shares and ADSs exercisable within 60 days from May 19, 2023. 
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with rules of the SEC. All information with respect to the beneficial 
ownership of any principal shareholder has been furnished by such shareholder and, unless otherwise indicated below, 
we believe that persons named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all the shares 
shown as beneficially owned, subject to community property laws, where applicable. The shares beneficially owned 
by the directors and executive officers include the equity shares owned by their family members to which such 
directors disclaim beneficial ownership. 
The share numbers and percentages listed below are based on 4,149,874,692 equity shares outstanding as of May 19, 
2023. Percentage of shareholders representing less than 1% are indicated with ‘*’:
Name beneficially ownedEquity Shares
beneficially
owned% of equity
Shares
Nandan M. Nilekani(1)100,461,168 2.42
Salil Parekh 852,060 '*'
Bobby Parikh(2)6,887 '*'
Govind Iyer 991 '*'
Nilanjan Roy(3)85,607 '*'
Inderpreet Sawhney(4)125,014 '*'
Shaji Mathew(5)284,073 '*'
Total (all directors and executive officers) 101,815,800 2.45
Note: No other material changes subsequently till June 15, 2023.
(1)Shares beneficially owned by Nandan M. Nilekani include 59,678,006 Equity Shares owned by members of his 
immediate family. Nandan M. Nilekani disclaims beneficial ownership of such shares.
(2)Includes 2,754 Equity shares jointly held with his spouse as the first holder.
(3)Includes 6,667 PSUs vested on February 27, 2023, 7,000 PSUs vested on March 31, 2023 and 2,167 PSUs vested 
on June 1, 2023 which are yet to be exercised.
(4)Includes 2,833 PSUs vested on June 1, 2023 which are yet to be exercised.
(5)Includes 1,333 PSUs vested on March 31, 2023 and 667 PSUs vested on June 1, 2023 which are yet to be 
exercised.
Note:
Among directors, D. Sundaram, Michael Gibbs, Uri Levine and Chitra Nayak do not hold shares / ADRs of the 
Company.  
Option plans 
2015 Plan
On March 31, 2016, pursuant to the approval by the shareholders through postal ballot, the Board has been authorized 
to introduce, offer, issue and allot share-based incentives to eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries 
under the 2015 Plan. The maximum number of shares under the 2015 Plan shall not exceed 24,038,883 equity shares 
(this includes 11,223,576 equity shares which are held by the trust towards the 2011 Plan as of March 31, 2016). These 
instruments will generally vest over a period of four years. The plan numbers are further adjusted with the September 
2018 bonus issue.
Controlled trust holds 12,172,119 and 13,725,712 shares as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively, 
under the 2015 Plan, out of which 200,000 equity shares each have been earmarked for welfare activities of the 
employees as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022.
2019 Plan
In continuation of our philosophy of aligning employee interests with shareholder value creation and in line with 
global practices, the Board, at its meeting held on May 15, 2019, on the recommendations of the Nomination and 
Remuneration Committee and subject to the approval of shareholders, approved the 2019 Plan. This plan sets out 
challenging performance criteria aligned to shareholder value creation to deepen employee ownership of the 
Company. By inclusion of leading market benchmarked performance criteria like relative TSR in the 2019 Plan, we 
adopted best-in-class global corporate governance practices. Further the 2019 Plan intends to incentivize, retain, and 
attract key talent through this performance-based stock incentive plan amongst an expanded employee base. 
On June 22, 2019, pursuant to approval by the shareholders at our Annual General Meeting (“AGM”), the Board has 
been authorized to introduce, offer, issue and provide share-based incentives to eligible employees of the Company 
and its subsidiaries under the 2019 Plan. The maximum number of shares under the 2019 Plan shall not exceed 
50,000,000 equity shares. To implement the 2019 Plan, up to 45,000,000 equity shares may be issued by way of 
secondary acquisition of shares by Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Trust. The RSUs granted under the 2019 Plan 
shall vest based on the achievement of defined annual performance parameters as determined by the administrator 
(Nomination and Remuneration Committee). The performance parameters will be based on a combination of relative 
TSR against selected industry peers and certain broader market domestic and global indices and operating performance 
metrics of the Company as decided by administrator. Each of the above performance parameters will be distinct for 
the purposes of calculation of quantity of shares to vest based on performance. 
The following is the summary of grants made during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 under the 2015 Plan and 2019 Plan:
Particulars Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021
2015 Plan
RSU - Equity settled 2,152,454 1,590,423 2,660,611
RSU - Incentive units (cash settled) 92,400 49,960 115,250
2019 Plan
Equity settled Performance based RSU 3,914,657 2,850,629 1,596,408
Total grants 6,159,511 4,491,012 4,372,269
Refer to the compensation table of this Annual Report on Form 20-F for details on grants to individual KMPs. 
The equity awards granted under the 2015 Plan would generally vest over a period of four years and shall be 
exercisable within the period as approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.  
The RSUs granted under the 2019 Plan would generally vest over a period of three years and shall be exercisable 
within the period as approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recorded an employee stock compensation expense of $64 million, $56 million 
and $45 million, respectively, in the statement of comprehensive income. This comprises of expense pertaining to 
employee stock compensation of the CEO, COO, other executive officers, and other employees.
The following table gives the details of outstanding RSUs and stock options under the 2019 Plan and 2015 Plan as of 
March 31, 2023:
Stock incentives outstanding
2019 Plan 2015 Plan
RSUs 7,222,038 5,408,018
ESOPs — 134,030
Grants made under the 2015 Plan have been adjusted for the September 2018 bonus issue.
For additional information on our stock incentive compensation plans, see Note 2.17 Employees’ Stock Options Plans 
under Item 18 of this Annual Report on Form 20-F.
Item 7. Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS
The following table sets forth as of May 19, 2023, certain information with respect to beneficial ownership of equity 
shares held by each shareholder or group known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding 
equity shares.
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with rules of the SEC, which generally attribute beneficial 
ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those 
securities and includes equity shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of stock options or warrants that are immediately 
exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of May 19, 2023. These shares are deemed to be outstanding and to be 
beneficially owned by the person holding those options or warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage 
ownership of that person but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of 
any other person. Unless otherwise indicated, all information with respect to the beneficial ownership of any principal 
shareholder has been furnished by such shareholder and, unless otherwise indicated, we believe that persons named 
in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all the equity shares shown as beneficially 
owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. The shares beneficially owned by the directors and 
officers include equity shares owned by their family members to which such directors and officers disclaim beneficial 
ownership. 
Class of
securityNo. of
shares
beneficially
held% of
class of
sharesNo. of
shares
beneficially
held% of
class of
sharesNo. of
shares
beneficially
held% of
class of
shares
Name of the beneficial owner Equity May 19, 2023 March 31, 2022 March 31, 2021
Shareholding of all directors and 
officers as a group Equity 101,815,800(1)2.45 102,061,184(2)2.43 103,163,904(3)2.42
Life Insurance Corporation of 
India Equity 312,145,307 7.52 243,347,641 5.78 250,063,497 5.87
1)Comprised 101,815,800 shares owned by directors and officers and includes stock options which have vested 
and yet to be exercised.
(a)Includes 6,667 PSUs vested on February 27, 2023, 7,000 PSUs vested on March 31, 2023 and 2,167 PSUs vested 
on June 1, 2023 totaling to 15,834 PSUs of Nilanjan Roy.
(b)Includes 2,833 PSUs vested on June 1, 2023 of Inderpreet Sawhney. 
(c)Includes 1,333 PSUs vested on March 31, 2023 and 667 PSUs vested on June 1, 2023 totaling to 2,000 PSUs of  
Shaji Mathew.
The percentage of ownership is calculated on 4,149,874,692 equity shares.
2)Comprised of 102,061,184 shares owned by directors and officers. The percentage of ownership is calculated 
on 4,206,738,641 equity shares.
3)Comprised of 103,163,904 shares owned by directors and officers.  The percentage of ownership is calculated 
on 4,260,660,846 equity shares.
Our ADSs are listed on the NYSE. Each ADS currently represents one equity share of par value ₹5/- per share. ADSs 
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act and as of May 19, 2023, held by 114,377 holders of 
record in the United States.
Our equity shares can be held by Foreign Institutional Investors ("FIIs"), Foreign Portfolio Investors ("FPIs") and 
Non-Resident Indians ("NRIs"). As of May 19, 2023, 31.11% of our equity shares were held by these FIIs, FPIs and 
NRIs, some of which may be residents or bodies corporate registered in the United States and elsewhere. We are not 
aware of which FIIs, FPIs and NRIs hold our equity shares as residents or as corporate entities registered in the United 
States. 
Major shareholders do not have differential voting rights with respect to the equity shares. To the best of our 
knowledge, we are not owned or controlled directly or indirectly by any government, by any other corporation or by 
any other natural or legal person. We are not aware of any arrangement, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in control. 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Refer to Note no. 2.20 ‘Related party transactions’ in Item 18 of this Annual Report for the entire list of related parties 
and percentage of shareholding as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022.
Related party transactions of Infosys Limited with its subsidiaries (on a standalone – basis)
a. Details of capital invested in subsidiaries as of March 31, 2023:
(Dollars in millions)
List of subsidiariesAs of
March 31, 2023
Infosys BPM 145
Infosys China 63
Infosys Chile 1
Infosys Mexico 14
Infosys Sweden 11
Infosys Public Services 17
Infosys Shanghai 165
Infosys Consulting Holding 241
Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd.(2)375
EdgeVerve 203
Infosys Nova 353
Infosys Americas(1)—
Infosys Austria GmbH(1)—
Infosys Consulting Ltda 47
Brilliant Basics Holdings Limited 9
Infosys Arabia Limited(1)—
Panaya 84
Infosys Luxembourg S.a r.l. 3
WongDoody, Inc 56
Infosys Consulting S.R.L (Argentina)(1)(2)(3)—
Infosys Bulgaria(1)—
Infosys Germany Holding GmbH(1)—
Infosys Green Forum(1)—
Infosys Business Solutions LLC(2)1
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH & Co. KG 2
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Limited Sirketi(2)1
Infosys Consulting S.R.L (Romania) 5
Skava 9
(1)The investment amount is less than $1 million.
(2)During fiscal 2023, Infosys infused further capital in its subsidiaries for funding acquisitions and to meet the 
working capital and other business requirements.
(3)Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Argentina) (formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Consulting Holding AG) 
became the majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Limited with effect from April 1, 2022.
During fiscal 2023, Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd (a wholly owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited) completed two business 
combinations to complement its digital offerings by acquiring 100% voting interests in:
(i) oddity GmbH, oddity group services GmbH, oddity space GmbH, oddity jungle GmbH, oddity code 
GmbH and oddity waves GmbH (collectively known as oddity), a Germany-based digital marketing, 
experience, and commerce agencies on April 20, 2022. 
(ii) BASE life science A/S, a consulting and technology firm in the life sciences industry in Europe on 
September 1, 2022.
Refer to Note 2.10 Business combinations, under Item 18 of this annual report for further details on acquisitions.
b. Details of amounts of outstanding loans at the end of the year:
(Dollars in millions)
ParticularsMarch 31,
2023March 31,
2022March 31,
2021
Loans:
Infosys China(1)— — 3
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Limited Sirketi(2)5 — —
Infosys Shanghai(1)— — 10
5 — 13
Debentures:
EdgeVerve(3)— — 73
(1)Interest rate of 6% for fiscal 2021 and repayable on demand
(2)Interest at the rate of 7.45% per annum and term of loan is 1 year.
(3)Interest rate for fiscal 2021 is 7.14% 
c. Details of largest amounts of loan outstanding during the fiscal:
(Dollars in millions)
Particulars Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021
Loans:
Infosys China — 3 12
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Limited Sirketi 5 — —
Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd 50 — 38
Infosys Consulting S.R.L (Romania) — — 1
Infosys Shanghai — 10 10
Debentures:
EdgeVerve — 73 153 
d. Details of related party transactions:
i) Capital transactions:
(Dollars in millions)
Particulars Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021
Financing transactions
Equity
Infosys China — — 5
Infosys Shanghai — 15 —
Infosys Consulting S.R.L (Argentina)(1)(2)— — —
Infosys BPM(1)— — —
Infosys Green Forum(1)— — —
Infosys Nova — — 176
Infosys Consulting Ltda — — 21
WongDoody Holding Company Inc — — 3
Kallidus Inc — — (21)
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH & Co.KG — 2 —
Infosys Germany Holding GmbH(1)— — —
Infosys Luxembourg S.a r.l. — — 2
Infosys Business Solutions LLC(3)1 — —
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Limited Sirketi 1 — —
Preference shares
Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd 189 — —
191 17 186
Debenture (net of repayment)
EdgeVerve — (73) (84)
— (73) (84)
Loans (net of repayment)
Infosys China — (3) (10)
Infosys Shanghai — (10) 10
Infosys Singapore Pte Ltd 1 — (38)
Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Romania) — — (1)
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojikeri Limited Sirketi 5 — —
6 (13) (39)
(1)The investment amount is less than $1 million.
(2)Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Argentina) (formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Consulting Holding AG) 
became the majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Limited with effect from April 1, 2022.
(3)Infosys Business Solutions LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, was incorporated on February 
20, 2022.
All transactions between Infosys and its subsidiaries till March 31, 2023 are in the ordinary course of business.
ii) Revenue transactions
(Dollars in millions)
Particulars Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021
Purchase of services
Infosys China 23 17 9
Infosys Consulting Holding and its subsidiaries 238 199 147
Infosys Singapore Pte Limited and its subsidiaries 57 34 19
Infosys Consulting Ltda 14 8 6
Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Romania) 30 31 25
Infosys BPM and its subsidiaries 336 310 209
Infosys Sweden 7 7 6 
Infosys Shanghai 18 16 12
Infosys Mexico 30 20 10
Infosys Chile 4 2 2
Infosys Public Services 1 1 4
Panaya Ltd. 18 19 18
WongDoody,Inc 94 39 16
Infosys Limited Bulgaria 5 1 —
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH & Co. KG — 8 —
Kallidus Inc — — 3
Infosys Nova and its subsidiaries 99 49 5
Edgeverve 3 2 —
Infosys Luxembourg 1 — —
Brilliant Basics Limited — 4 7
978 767 498
Purchase of shared services including facilities and personnel
Brilliant Basics Limited — — 1
WongDoody,Inc 8 6 3
Infosys Green Forum 5 1 —
Infosys BPM and its subsidiaries 5 — —
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH & Co. KG 1 — —
Infosys Mexico 1 1 1
20 8 5
Interest income
Infosys Shanghai — — 1
Infosys Singapore Pte Limited 1 — 1
EdgeVerve — — 8
1 — 10
Dividend income
Brilliant Basics Holdings Ltd — 9 —
EdgeVerve 34 — —
Infosys BPM 148 154 43
182 163 43
Sale of services
Infosys China 3 4 3
Infosys Mexico 3 3 4
Infosys Consulting Holding and its subsidiaries 6 4 3
Infosys Consulting Ltda 1 1
Infosys Singapore Pte Limited and its subsidiaries 27 21 20
Infosys BPM and its subsidiaries 71 82 40
Infosys Sweden 9 8 6
Infosys Shanghai 1 1 —
EdgeVerve 102 80 90
Infosys Luxembourg S.à.r.l 17 12 3
Infosys Nova and its subsidiaries 1 1 1
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH & Co. KG 9 27 —
Infosys Chile 1 — —
Infosys Public Services 97 83 92
347 327 263
Sale of shared services including facilities and personnel
EdgeVerve 4 13 4
Panaya Ltd. 1 1 1
Infosys China 1 — —
Infosys Consulting Holding and its subsidiaries 2 — —
Infosys Nova and its subsidiaries 1 — —
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH & Co. KG(1)97 — —
Infosys Green Forum 1 — —
Infosys BPM and its subsidiaries 14 3 3
121 17 8
Any other transaction
Infosys Foundation(2)40 — —
40 — —
(1)Includes amounts netted off against respective expenses.
(2)Effective January 1, 2022, Infosys Foundation a trust jointly controlled by KMP of Infosys Limited is a related 
party. For fiscal 2023, the Company made contributions to Infosys Foundation to fulfill its corporate social 
responsibilities. 
All transactions between Infosys and its subsidiaries till March 31, 2023 are in the ordinary course of business.
Consequent to the Companies (Corporate Social Responsibility Policy) Amendment Rules, 2021 (“the Rules”), the 
Company was required to transfer its CSR capital assets created prior to January 2021. Towards this the Company 
had incorporated a controlled subsidiary ‘Infosys Green Forum’ under Section 8 of the Companies Act, 2013. During 
the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company has completed the transfer of assets upon obtaining the required 
approvals from regulatory authorities, as applicable.
See Note 2.20, Related party transactions, under Item 18 of this Annual Report for details of transactions with KMP.
Employment and indemnification agreements
Refer to the section titled ‘Employment and Indemnification agreements’ under Item 6 of this Annual Report.
Loans to employees
We provide personal and salary advances and loans to our employees.
The annual rates of interest for these loans vary from 0% to 7%. Loans aggregating $40 million, $38 million and $26 
million were outstanding as of March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Item 8. Financial Information
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The following financial statements and auditors’ report appear under Item 18 in this Annual Report on Form 20-F and 
are incorporated herein by reference:
▪Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.
▪Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2023, and 2022.
▪Consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
▪Consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
▪Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021.
▪Notes to the consolidated financial statements.
Export revenue
For fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, we generated $17,734 million, $15,831 million and $13,169 million, or 97.4%, 97.1% 
and 97.1% of our total revenues of $18,212 million, $16,311 million and $13,561 million, respectively, from the export 
of our products and rendering of services outside of India.
Legal proceedings
This information is set forth under Item 4 under the heading “Legal proceedings” and such information is incorporated 
herein by reference.
Capital allocation policy
Effective fiscal 2020, the Company expects to return approximately 85% of the free cash flow cumulatively over a 
five-year period through a combination of semi-annual dividends and/or share buyback and/or special dividends, 
subject to applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any. Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating 
activities less capital expenditure as per the consolidated statement of cash flows prepared under IFRS. Dividend and 
buyback include applicable taxes. 
Buyback completed in February 2023
The shareholders approved the proposal of the buyback of equity shares recommended by its Board of Directors by 
way of e-voting on the postal ballot, the results of which were declared on December 3, 2022, from the open market 
route through Indian stock exchanges of up to ₹9,300 crore (maximum buyback size, excluding buyback tax) at a price 
not exceeding ₹1,850/- per share. The buyback was offered to all equity shareholders of the Company (other than the 
Promoters, the Promoter Group and Persons in Control of the Company) under the open market route through Indian 
stock exchanges. The buyback of equity shares through Indian stock exchanges commenced on December 7, 2022 and 
was completed on February 13, 2023. During this buyback period, the Company purchased and extinguished a total 
of 60,426,348 equity shares from the stock exchange at a volume weighted average buyback price of ₹1,539.06/- per 
equity share comprising 1.44% of the pre buyback paid-up equity share capital of the Company. The buyback resulted 
in a cash outflow of ₹9,300 crore (excluding transaction costs and tax on buyback) ($1,130 million). The Company 
funded the buyback from its free reserves including Securities Premium as explained in Section 68 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
Buyback completed in September 2021
The shareholders approved the proposal of the buyback of equity shares in the Annual General meeting held on June 
19, 2021, from the open market route through Indian stock exchanges of up to ₹9,200 crore (maximum buyback size) 
at a price not exceeding ₹1,750/- per share. The buyback was offered to all equity shareholders of the Company (other 
than the Promoters, the Promoter Group and Persons in Control of the Company) under the open market route through 
Indian stock exchanges. The buyback of equity shares through Indian stock exchanges commenced on June 25, 2021 
and was completed on September 8, 2021. During this buyback period, the Company purchased and extinguished a 
total of 55,807,337 equity shares from the stock exchange at a volume weighted average buyback price of ₹1,648.53/- 
per equity share comprising 1.31% of the pre buyback paid-up equity share capital of the Company. The buyback 
resulted in a cash outflow of ₹9,200 crore (excluding transaction costs and tax on buyback) ($1,243 million). The 
Company funded the buyback from its free reserves including Securities Premium as explained in Section 68 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
Dividends
Under Indian law, a corporation pays dividends upon a recommendation by the Board and approval by a majority of 
the shareholders, who have the right to decrease but not increase the amount of the dividend recommended by the 
Board. Dividends may be paid out of profits of an Indian company, after providing depreciation in the year in which 
the dividend is declared or out of the undistributed profits of previous fiscal years, or out of both.
Holders of ADSs will be entitled to receive dividends payable on equity shares represented by such ADSs. Cash 
dividends on equity shares represented by ADSs are paid to the Depositary in Indian rupees and are generally 
converted by the Depositary into U.S. dollars and distributed, net of Depositary fees, taxes, if any, and expenses, to 
the holders of such ADSs. Although we have no current intention to discontinue dividend payments, future dividends 
may not be declared or paid and the amount, if any, thereof may be decreased. 
Dividend Distribution Policy
As per Regulation 43A of the SEBI LODR the top 500 listed companies shall formulate a dividend distribution policy. 
Accordingly, the policy was adopted to set out the parameters and circumstances that will be taken into account by 
the Board in determining the distribution of dividend to its shareholders and / or retaining profits earned by the 
Company. The dividend policy is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 20-F. The policy is available on 
our website: https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/Pages/policies.aspx 
The following table provides details of per share dividend recognized and paid during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021:
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021
Dividend per Equity Share (₹)
Interim dividend(2)16.50 15.00 12.00
Final dividend(3)16.00 15.00 9.50
Dividend per Equity Share/ADS ($) (1)
Interim dividend(2)0.20 0.20 0.16
Final dividend(3)0.21 0.20 0.13
(1)Converted at the monthly exchange rate in the month of declaration of dividend.
(2)Represents interim dividend for the respective fiscal year.
(3)Represents final dividend for the preceding fiscal year.
During fiscal 2023, on account of the final dividend for fiscal 2022 and interim dividend declared for fiscal 2023, the 
Company had incurred a net cash outflow of $1,697 million (excluding dividend paid on treasury shares).
The Board in its meeting on April 13, 2023, recommended a final dividend of ₹17.50/- per equity share (approximately 
$0.21 per equity share) for fiscal 2023. This payment is subject to the approval of shareholders in the ensuing Annual 
General Meeting of the Company, to be held on June 28, 2023, and if approved would result in a net cash outflow of 
approximately $881 million (excluding dividend paid on treasury shares).
SIGNIFICANT CHANGES
None. 
Item 9. The Offer and Listing
PRICE HISTORY
Our equity shares are traded in India on the BSE and the NSE, collectively, the Indian stock exchanges. Our ADSs 
are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), under the ticker symbol ‘INFY’. Each ADS represents one 
equity share. Our ADSs began trading on the NASDAQ on March 11, 1999. Following our voluntary delisting from 
the NASDAQ Global Select Market on December 11, 2012, we began trading of our ADSs on the NYSE on December 
12, 2012, under the ticker symbol INFY. We listed our ADSs on the Euronext London and Paris markets on February 
20, 2013.
Effective July 5, 2018, the Company voluntarily delisted its ADS’s from the Euronext Paris and Euronext London 
exchanges. The primary reason for voluntary delisting from Euronext Paris and London was the low average daily 
trading volume of Infosys ADSs on these exchanges, which was not commensurate with the related administrative 
expenses. Infosys’ ADSs continue to be listed on the NYSE under the symbol “INFY” on the New York Stock 
Exchange. The holders of ADSs who have chosen not to sell their ADSs through the sales facility or otherwise have 
not taken any action will be able to trade them on the NYSE under the terms and conditions of their financial 
intermediary. 
The Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas serves as a depositary with respect to our ADSs traded on the market 
pursuant to the Deposit Agreement dated March 10, 1999, as amended and restated on June 28, 2017. The Deposit 
Agreement has been filed by the Company previously.
As of May 19, 2023, we had 4,149,874,692 equity shares issued and outstanding. There were 114,377 record holders 
of ADRs, evidencing 468,866,476 ADSs (each ADS currently represents one equity share). As of May 19, 2023, there 
were 3,268,247 record holders of our equity shares listed and traded on the Indian stock exchanges.
All translations from Indian rupees to U.S. dollars are based on fixing rate in the city of Mumbai on March 31, 2023 
for cable transfers in Indian rupees as published by the FEDAI, which was ₹82.17 per $1.00.
On June 14, 2023, the closing price of equity shares on the BSE was ₹1,301.45 equivalent to $15.85 per equity share 
and on the NSE was ₹1,300.40 equivalent to $15.84 per equity share based on the exchange rate on that date and on 
June 14, 2023, the closing price of ADSs on the NYSE was $15.56 per ADS. 
The conversion of our equity shares into ADSs is governed by guidelines issued by the RBI.
Item 10. Additional Information
MEMORANDUM AND ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
The Company vide postal ballot concluded on March 31, 2017, adopted new Articles of Association to bring the same 
in line with provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, as amended from time to time, (the “Indian Companies 
Act, 2013,”). The Company vide postal ballot concluded on August 22, 2018, altered clause V of the Memorandum 
of Association to reflect the increase in the Authorized capital for the issue of Bonus shares. The Memorandum and 
Articles of Association are available on the website of the Company and were filed previously as an exhibit to the 
Annual Report on Form 20-F and is available under the following links: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1067491/000106749117000021/exv01w01.htm and 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1067491/000156459019022837/infy-ex12_1403.htm
The corporate legal framework governing the Company as on the date hereof is the notified provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013. 
Set forth below is the material information concerning our share capital and a brief summary of the material provisions 
of our Articles of Association, Memorandum of Association and the Indian Companies Act, 2013, all as currently in 
effect. The following description of our equity shares and the material provisions of our Articles of Association and 
Memorandum of Association does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the amended 
Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company which was filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on 
Form 20-F. The summary below is not intended to constitute a complete analysis of the Indian Companies Act, 2013 
and is not intended to be a substitute for professional legal advice. Various statutory authorities and departments of 
the Government of India have also extended several temporary relaxations on compliances requirements on account 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. The summary below does not include details of such temporary relaxations.
Our Articles of Association provide that the minimum number of directors shall be three and the maximum number 
of directors shall be fifteen unless approval from shareholders is obtained by a special resolution to appoint more than 
15 directors. As of March 31, 2023, we had eight directors. As per the Indian Companies Act, 2013, unless the Articles 
of Association of a company provide for all directors to retire at every AGM, not less than two-third of the non-
independent directors of a public company are liable to retire by rotation and one-third of such directors must retire 
by rotation, while the remaining two-third may remain on the Board until they resign or are removed. Our Articles of 
Association require one-third of such of the directors, as are liable to retire by rotation as per the Indian Companies 
Act, 2013 (excluding independent directors), to retire from office every year, and the directors whose office of 
directorship has been the longest shall mandatorily retire by rotation. Retiring directors qualify for reappointment. 
Executive directors are appointed by the shareholders for a maximum period of five years but are eligible for 
reappointment upon completion of their term. An independent director shall hold office for a term of up to five 
consecutive years and will be eligible for reappointment on the passing of a special resolution by the shareholders.
The Company shall appoint or re-appoint any person as its Managing Director and CEO or whole-time director as per 
the relevant laws.  The non-executive director’s office is subject to retirement by rotation at the annual general meeting 
in the manner as specified under relevant law.  An independent director shall be appointed / re-appointed in manner 
as specified under relevant laws. The directors, KMP and Senior Management shall retire as per the applicable 
provisions of the relevant laws. The Board will have the discretion to retain the directors, KMP and Senior 
Management in the same position / remuneration or otherwise, even after attaining the retirement age, for the benefit 
of the Company, subject to approvals as required under the relevant laws.
An independent director can hold office for only two consecutive terms and will be eligible for reappointment after 
three years of ceasing to be an independent director, provided he/she is not appointed in or associated with the company 
in any capacity (whether directly or indirectly) during such three-year period.
Our Articles of Association do not require our directors to hold shares of our company in order to serve on our Board.
The Indian Companies Act, 2013, provides that any director who has a personal interest in a transaction being 
discussed by the Board must disclose such interest and must not participate in the meeting when such transaction is 
being discussed. A director is required to disclose his personal interest to the Board on an annual basis and at the first 
meeting of the Board after the interest arises. The remuneration payable to our directors may be fixed by the Board in 
accordance with the Indian Companies Act, 2013 and provisions prescribed by the Government of India. At meetings 
of the Board, our directors shall not vote on their own remuneration and such remuneration has been recommended 
by our Nomination and Remuneration Committee, details of which have been set out in Item 6 of this Annual Report 
on Form 20-F. Our Articles of Association provide that the Company may generally borrow any sum of money for 
the Company’s legitimate corporate purposes, provided, that the consent of the shareholders is required where any 
amounts to be borrowed, when combined with any already outstanding debt (excluding temporary loans from our 
bankers in the ordinary course of business), exceeds the aggregate of our paid-up capital, and free reserves. Under the 
Indian Companies Act, 2013, such consent of the shareholders should be obtained by way of a special resolution 
passed in a general meeting. 
Objects and Purposes of our Memorandum of Association
The objects and purposes of as set forth in Section III of our Memorandum of Association have been filed previously 
in our Annual Report on Form 20-F. 
General
Our authorized share capital is ₹24,000,000,000 (Rupees two thousand four hundred crore only) divided into 
4,800,000,000 (four hundred and eighty crore only) equity shares, having a par value of ₹5/- per share. As of March 
31, 2023, 4,148,560,044 equity shares were issued, outstanding and fully paid, out of which controlled trust holds 
12,172,119 equity shares under the 2015 Plan. The equity shares are our only class of share capital. We currently have 
no convertible debentures or warrants outstanding. As of March 31, 2023, we had 5,542,048 and 7,222,038 options 
outstanding to purchase equity shares under the 2015 and 2019 Plans, respectively. For the purpose of this Annual 
Report on Form 20-F, “shareholder” means a shareholder who is registered as a member in our register of members 
or whose name appears in the beneficiary position maintained by the depositories.
Buyback completed in February 2023
 
In line with the capital allocation policy, the Board, at its meeting held on October 13, 2022, approved the buyback of 
equity shares, from the open market route through the Indian stock exchanges, amounting to ₹9,300 crore (Maximum 
Buyback Size, excluding buyback tax) at a price not exceeding ₹1,850 per share (Maximum Buyback Price), subject 
to shareholders' approval by way of Postal Ballot.
 
The shareholders approved the proposal of buyback of Equity Shares recommended by its Board of Directors by way 
of e-voting on the postal ballot, the results of which were declared on December 3, 2022. The buyback was offered to 
all equity shareholders of the Company (other than the Promoters, the Promoter Group and Persons in Control of the 
Company) under the open market route through the stock exchange. The buyback of equity shares through the stock 
exchange commenced on December 7, 2022 and was completed on February 13, 2023. During this buyback period, 
we had purchased and extinguished a total of 60,426,348 equity shares from the stock exchange at a volume weighted 
average buyback price of ₹1,539.06/- per equity share comprising 1.44% of the pre buyback paid-up equity share 
capital of the Company. The buyback resulted in a cash outflow of ₹9,300 crore (excluding transaction costs and tax 
on buyback) ($1,130 million). We funded the buyback from its free reserves including Securities Premium as 
explained in Section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013.
 
In accordance with section 69 of the Companies Act, 2013, as of March 31, 2023, the Company has created ‘Capital 
Redemption Reserve’ of $3 million equal to the nominal value of the shares bought back as an appropriation from 
general reserve and retained earnings.
Buyback completed in September 2021
In line with the capital allocation policy, the Board, at its meeting held on April 14, 2021, approved the buyback of 
equity shares, from the open market route through the Indian stock exchanges, amounting to ₹9,200 crore (Maximum 
Buyback Size, excluding buyback tax) at a price not exceeding ₹1,750 per share (Maximum Buyback Price), subject 
to shareholders' approval. 
The shareholders approved the proposal of buyback of equity shares recommended by the Board at our annual general 
meeting held on June 19, 2021. The buyback was offered to all equity shareholders of the Company (other than the 
Promoters, the Promoter Group and Persons in Control of the Company) under the open market route through the 
stock exchange. The buyback of equity shares through the stock exchange commenced on June 25, 2021 and was 
completed on September 8, 2021. During this buyback period we purchased and extinguished a total of 55,807,337 
equity shares from the stock exchange at a volume weighted average buyback price of ₹1,648.53/- per equity share 
comprising 1.31% of the pre buyback paid up equity share capital of the Company. The buyback resulted in a cash 
outflow of ₹9,200 crore (excluding transaction costs and tax on buyback) ($1,243 million). We funded the buyback 
from our free reserves including Securities Premium as explained in Section 68 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013. 
In accordance with section 69 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, as of March 31, 2022, we have created ‘Capital 
Redemption Reserve’ amounting to $4 million equal to the nominal value of the shares bought back as an appropriation 
from general reserve.
Dividends
Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013, our Board recommends the payment of a dividend which is then approved by 
our shareholders in a general meeting. However, the Board is not obliged to recommend a dividend.
Under our Articles of Association and the Indian Companies Act, 2013 at our AGM, we may declare dividend, to be 
paid to shareholders according to their respective rights and interests in profits. No dividends shall exceed the amount 
recommended by the Board. In India, dividends are generally declared per equity share and are to be distributed and 
paid to shareholders in cash and in proportion to the paid-up value of their shares, within 30 days of the AGM at which 
the dividend is approved by shareholders. Pursuant to our Articles of Association and the Indian Companies Act, 2013, 
our Board has the discretion to declare and pay interim dividends without shareholder approval in compliance with 
the conditions specified under the Indian Companies Act, 2013. As per the terms of our listing of the equity shares 
and ADSs of the Company, we are required to inform the stock exchanges, on which our equity shares and ADSs are 
listed, of the dividend declared per equity share and the record date/book closure date for determining the shareholders 
who are entitled to receive dividends. Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013, dividend can be paid only in cash to 
registered shareholders as of the record date. Dividend may also be paid in cash or by cheque or warrant or in any 
electronic mode to the shareholder.
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 provides that any dividends that remain unpaid or unclaimed after a period of 30 
days from the date of declaration of a dividend are to be transferred to a special bank account opened by the company 
at an approved bank. We transfer any dividends that remain unpaid or unclaimed within seven days from the date of 
expiry of the 30 days to such account. If any amount in this account has not been claimed by the eligible shareholders 
within seven years from the date of the transfer, we transfer the unclaimed dividends to an (“IEPF”) established by 
the Government of India under the provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 2013. After the transfer to this fund, such 
unclaimed dividends may not be claimed by the shareholders entitled to receive such dividends from the company. 
Further, according to the Indian Companies Act, 2013, the equity shares in respect of which dividend has not been 
paid or claimed by the equity shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall also be transferred to IEPF 
Authority. Shareholders may note that both the unclaimed dividend and corresponding shares transferred to IEPF 
including all benefits accruing on such shares, if any, can be claimed back from IEPF following the procedure 
prescribed in the Investor Education and Protection Fund Authority (Accounting, Audit, Transfer and Refund) Rules, 
2016. No claim shall lie in respect thereof with the Company.
Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013, dividends may be paid out of profits of a company in the year in which the 
dividend is declared after providing for depreciation or out of the undistributed profits of previous fiscal years after 
providing for depreciation. Before declaring any dividend in any financial year, a company may transfer a percentage 
of its profits which it considers appropriate to its reserves.
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 further provides that in the event of an inadequacy or absence of profits in any year, 
a dividend may be declared for such year out of the company’s accumulated profits that have been transferred to its 
free reserves, subject to the following conditions:
•The dividend rate declared shall not exceed the average of the rates at which dividends were declared by 
the company in the three years immediately preceding that year (this condition is not applicable where the 
company has not declared dividends in the three financial years immediately preceding that year).
•The total amount to be drawn from the accumulated profits earned in the previous years and transferred to 
the reserves may not exceed an amount equivalent to 10% of the sum of its paid-up capital and free reserves 
as appearing in the latest audited financial statement, and the amount so drawn is to be used first to set off 
the losses incurred in the fiscal year in which dividend is declared before any dividends in respect of equity 
shares are declared. 
•The balance of reserves after such withdrawals shall not fall below 15% of the company’s paid-up capital 
as appearing in the latest audited financial statement.
•The Company cannot declare dividend unless carried over previous losses and depreciation which are not 
provided in previous year or years are set off against profit of the company for the current year during 
which the dividend is sought to be declared.
Bonus Shares
In addition to permitting dividends to be paid out of current or retained earnings as described above, the Indian 
Companies Act, 2013 permits a company to distribute an amount transferred from its free reserves to its shareholders 
in the form of bonus shares (similar to a stock dividend). The Indian Companies Act, 2013 also permits the issuance 
of bonus shares from capitalization of the securities premium account and the capital redemption reserve account. 
However, no issuance of bonus shares can be made by capitalizing reserves created by the revaluation of assets. Bonus 
shares are distributed to shareholders in the proportion recommended by the Board and such announcement of the 
decision of the Board recommending an issue of bonus shares cannot be subsequently withdrawn. Shareholders of the 
company on a fixed record date are entitled to receive such bonus shares.
Any issue of bonus shares would be subject to the guidelines issued by SEBI in this regard. The relevant SEBI 
guidelines prescribe that no company shall issue any equity shares by way of bonus unless is authorized by its articles 
of association, has made reservation of equity shares of the same class in favor of the holders of outstanding 
compulsorily convertible debt instruments, if any, in proportion to the convertible portion thereof (which may be 
issued at the time of conversion of the debt instruments on the same terms or same proportion at which the bonus 
shares were issued). The bonus issue must be made out of free reserves, securities premium account or capital 
redemption reserve account, and built out of the genuine profits or share premium collected in cash only. The bonus 
issue cannot be made unless the partly paid shares, if any existing, are made fully paid-up. Further, for the issuance of 
such bonus shares a company should not have defaulted in the payment of interest or principal in respect of fixed 
deposits and interest on existing debentures or principal on redemption of such debentures. A company is not allowed 
to declare bonus in lieu of dividend. Further a company should have sufficient reason to believe that it has not defaulted 
in respect of the payment of statutory dues of the employees such as contribution to provident fund, gratuity, bonus, 
etc. The issuance of bonus shares must be implemented within 15 days from the date of approval by the Board (where 
shareholders’ approval is not required), provided that where the company is required to seek shareholders’ approval 
for capitalization of profits or reserves for making the bonus issue, it shall be implemented within two months from 
the date of approval by the Board. The bonus issue cannot be withdrawn after the decision to make a bonus issue has 
been announced.
Consolidation and Subdivision of Shares
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 permits a company to split or combine the par value of its shares at a general meeting 
of the shareholders, if so, authorized by its Articles of Association, with the approval of its shareholders. Shareholders 
on record on a fixed record date are entitled to receive the split or combination. 
Pre-emptive Rights and Issue of Additional Shares
The Indian Companies Act, 2013 gives shareholders the right to subscribe to new shares in proportion to their 
respective existing shareholdings in the event of a further issue of shares by a company, unless otherwise determined 
by a special resolution passed by a general meeting of the shareholders. Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013 in the 
event of a pre-emptive issuance of shares, subject to the limitations set forth above, a company must first offer the 
new shares to its shareholders on a fixed record date. The offer must include: (i) the right, exercisable by the 
shareholders on record, to renounce the shares offered in favor of any other person; and (ii) the number of shares 
offered and the period of offer, which may not be less than 15 days and not exceeding 30 days from the date of offer. 
If the offer is not accepted it is deemed to have been declined and thereafter the Board is authorized under the Indian 
Companies Act, 2013 to distribute any new shares not purchased by the pre-emptive rights holders in the manner 
which is not disadvantageous to the shareholders and the company.
Meetings of Shareholders
In accordance with the Companies Act, 2013, each company is required to hold an annual general meeting, each year, 
within 15 months of the previous AGM or within six months of the end of the previous fiscal year, whichever is earlier. 
However, since our Company forms a part of the top 100 listed entities by market capitalization in India, pursuant to 
Regulation 44(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Company is required to hold our annual general meetings within 
a period of 5 months from the date of closing of each financial year. In certain circumstances a three-month extension 
may be granted by the Registrar of Companies to hold the AGM. The AGM is generally convened by our Company 
Secretary pursuant to a resolution of the Board. In addition, the Board may convene an Extraordinary General Meeting 
of shareholders ("EGM") when necessary or at the request of a shareholder or shareholders holding at least 10% of 
our paid-up capital carrying voting rights to transact any special business. Written notice setting out the agenda of any 
meeting must be given at least 21 days prior to the date of any general meeting to the shareholders on record, excluding 
the days of mailing and date of the meeting. The EGM must be held at a place within India. The AGM must be held 
at our registered office or at such other place within the city in which the registered office is located.
Voting Rights
At any general meeting, to provide opportunity to the shareholders for exercising their votes towards the resolutions 
proposed at the AGM, the Company arranges for e-voting facility and voting through ballot will also be made available 
at the AGM and the members who have not already cast their vote by remote e-voting can exercise their vote at the 
AGM. The Chairperson has a casting vote in the case of tie. Any shareholder of the Company entitled to attend and 
vote at a meeting of the Company may appoint a proxy. The instrument appointing a proxy must be delivered to the 
company at least 48 hours prior to the meeting. Unless the articles of association otherwise provide, a proxy may not 
vote except on a poll. A corporate shareholder may appoint an authorized representative who can vote on behalf of 
the shareholder, upon remote e-voting or at the general meeting. An authorized representative is also entitled to appoint 
a proxy. Pursuant to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and any 
subsequent amendments thereto (“Listing Regulations”), it is mandatory for remote e-voting facilities to be provided 
to all shareholders in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions in accordance with the procedure prescribed under the 
Indian Companies Act, 2013.
As per the Indian Companies Act, 2013 ordinary resolutions may be passed by simple majority at any general meeting 
for which the required period of notice has been given. However, special resolutions for matters such as amendments 
to the articles of association, the waiver of pre-emptive rights for the issuance of any new shares and a reduction of 
share capital, require that votes cast in favor of the resolution (whether by show of hands or electronically or on a poll) 
are not less than three times the number of votes, if any, cast against the resolution by members so entitled and voting. 
Certain resolutions such as those listed below are to be voted on only by a postal ballot:
•alteration of the objects clause of the memorandum;
•alteration of the articles of association to constitute the Company into private company;
•change in place of registered office outside the local limits of any city, town or village;
•change in objects for which a company has raised money from public through prospectus and still has any 
unutilized amount out of the money so raised; 
•issue of shares with differential rights as to voting or dividend or otherwise under Section 43 (a)(ii) of the 
Companies Act, 2013;
•variation in the rights attached to a class of shares or debentures or other securities as specified under 
Section 48 of the Companies Act, 2013;
•buyback of shares;
•election of a director under Section 151 of the Companies Act, 2013;
•sale of the whole or substantially the whole of an undertaking of a company as specified under Section 180 
(1) (a) of the Companies Act, 2013; and
•giving loans or extending guarantee or providing security in excess of the limit specified under Section 186 
(3) of the Companies Act, 2013.
However, any company which is required to mandatorily provide its members a facility to exercise their right to vote 
on resolutions at a general meeting by electronic means, can pass the above-mentioned resolutions through electronic 
vote instead of postal ballot. Companies whose equity shares are listed on a recognized stock exchange and if it has 
not less than one thousand members are compulsorily required to provide their members facility to exercise their right 
to vote on resolutions at a general meeting by electronic means. The equity shares of the Company are listed on a 
recognized stock exchange and it has more than one thousand members. Hence, the Company is eligible to pass the 
above-mentioned resolutions by electronic vote. 
Register of Shareholders, Record Dates, Transfer of Shares
We maintain a register of shareholders held in electronic form through National Securities Depository Limited and 
the Central Depository Services (India) Limited. To determine which shareholders are entitled to specified shareholder 
rights such as a dividend or a rights issue, we may close the register of shareholders for a specified period not exceeding 
30 days at one time. The date on which this period begins is the record date. The Indian Companies Act, 2013 requires 
us to give at least seven working days’ prior notice to the public in the prescribed manner before such closure, unless 
a lesser period is specified by the SEBI. We may not close the register of shareholders for more than thirty consecutive 
days at any one time, and in no event for more than forty-five days in a year. The Listing Regulations also prescribe 
that there should be a time gap of at least thirty days between two record dates. 
Following the introduction of the Depositories Act, 1996, and the repeal of Section 22A of the Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) Act, 1956, which enabled companies to refuse to register transfers of shares in some circumstances, the 
equity shares of a public company are freely transferable, subject only to the provisions of Section 58 of the Indian 
Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations. Since we are a public company, the provisions of 
Section 58 will apply to us. In accordance with the provisions of Section 58(2) of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, 
the securities or other interests of the member are freely transferable except where there is any contract or arrangement 
between two or more persons in respect of transfer of securities, which may be enforced as a contract. If our Board 
refuses to register a transfer of shares, the shareholder wishing to transfer his, her or its shares may file an appeal with 
the National Company Law Tribunal.
Pursuant to Section 59 (4) of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, if a transfer of shares contravenes any of the provisions 
of the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and Securities and Exchange Board of 
India Act, 1992 or the regulations issued thereunder or any other Indian laws, the National Company Law Tribunal 
may, on application made by the relevant company, a depository, company, Depositary participant, the holder of 
securities or the SEBI, direct any company or a Depositary to set right the contravention and to rectify the registers, 
records of members and / or beneficial owners.
Our Registrar and share Transfer Agent (“RTA”) for our equity shares is KFin Technologies Limited located in 
Selenium Tower B, Plot Nos. 31 & 32, Financial District Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad – 
500032, India. 
The SEBI vide its amendment notification dated June 8, 2018, and through additional clarification dated May 27, 
2019, had clarified that effective April 1, 2019, except in case of transmission or transposition of securities, requests 
for effecting transfer of securities shall not be processed unless the securities are held in dematerialized form with a 
depository. Subsequently, the SEBI by way of a notification dated January 24, 2022, which amended certain provisions 
of the Listing Regulations, did away with the carve-out provided for transmission and transposition of securities. 
Pursuant to the said amendment, the transmission or transposition of securities held in physical or dematerialized form 
can be effected only in dematerialized form. Further, pursuant to the SEBI circular dated January 25, 2022, all listed 
companies have been mandated to issue securities only in dematerialized form, while processing the following service 
requests: (a) issue of duplicate securities certificate; (b) claim from unclaimed suspense account; (c) renewal / 
exchange of securities certificate; (d) endorsement; (e) sub-division / splitting of securities certificate; (f) consolidation 
of securities certificates / folios; (g) transmission; and (h) transposition.
Disclosure of Ownership Interest
Section 89 of the Companies Act, 2013 requires holders of record who do not hold beneficial interests in shares of 
Indian companies to declare to the company certain details, including the nature of the holder’s interest and details of 
the beneficial owner. Any person who fails to make the required declaration within 30 days may be liable for a fine 
of up to ₹50,000 and where the failure is a continuing one, further fine of ₹200 for each day that the declaration is not 
made subject to a maximum of ₹500,000. Beneficial interest in a share includes, directly or indirectly, through any 
contract, arrangement or otherwise, the right or entitlement of a person alone or together with any other person to: (i) 
exercise or cause to be exercised any or all of the rights attached to such share; or (ii) receive or participate in any 
dividend or other distribution in respect of such share.  Failure to comply with Section 89 will not affect the obligation 
of the company to pay any dividends to the registered holder of any shares pursuant to which such declaration has not 
been made. While it is unclear under Indian law whether Section 89 applies to holders of ADSs of the company, 
investors who exchange ADSs for the underlying equity shares of the company will be subject to the restrictions of 
Section 89. Additionally, holders of ADSs may be required to comply with such notification and disclosure obligations 
pursuant to the provisions of the Deposit Agreement entered into by such holders, the company and the Depositary.
Declaration of Significant beneficial ownership in the Company
Section 90 of the Companies Act, 2013 requires individual shareholders who acting alone or together, or through one 
or more persons or trust, including a trust and persons resident outside India, holding beneficial interest of not less 
than 10% in shares of a company or the right to exercise, or the actual exercising of significant influence or control 
over the company shall make a declaration to the company, specifying the nature of his interest. The Companies 
(Significant Beneficial Ownership) Rules, 2018 (as amended from time to time) prescribe the thresholds and 
applicable rules for identifying a 'significant beneficial owner' and provides for filings and disclosures to be made in 
the event of change in details. Any person failing to submit the required disclosures is punishable with a minimum 
fine of fifty thousand rupees which may extend to two lakh rupees. Where the failure is a continuing one, the individual 
will be levied a further fine which may extend to one thousand rupees for every day after the first during which the 
failure continues.
Audit and Annual Report
Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013 a company must file its financial statements with the Registrar of Companies 
within 30 days from the date of the AGM. Copies of the annual report along with the notice of the AGM are sent to 
the shareholders are required to be submitted to the stock exchanges on which the company’s shares are listed and 
published on the company’s website not later than the day of commencement of dispatch to its shareholders. At least 
21 days before the AGM, a listed company must distribute soft copies of the full annual report to all those shareholders 
who have registered their email addresses for this purpose, physical copies of Annual Report to its shareholders who 
have not registered their email addresses for this purpose and to those shareholders who ask for the same. A company 
must also file an annual return containing a list of the company’s shareholders and other company information, within 
60 days of the conclusion of the AGM. 
Reduction of Share Capital
Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013 a company may by a special resolution and approval of the court or tribunal 
of the state in which the registered office of the company is situated reduce the share capital in the manner prescribed 
by the Indian Companies Act, 2013. However, such reduction shall be authorized by the articles of association of the 
company. These provisions shall not apply in the case of a buyback of shares by the company.
Company Acquisition of Equity Shares
A company may acquire its own equity shares without seeking the approval of the court or National Company Law 
Tribunal in compliance with prescribed rules, regulations and conditions of the Indian Companies Act, 2013. In 
addition, public companies which are listed on a recognized stock exchange in India must comply with the provisions 
of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (Buy-back Regulations). 
Since we are a public company listed on two recognized stock exchanges in India, we would have to comply with the 
relevant provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 2013 and the provisions of the Buy-back Regulations. In order for 
the ADS holders to participate in a Company’s purchase of its own shares, the ADS holders must have previously 
taken certain actions in order to withdraw the equity shares underlying the ADSs held by the ADS holders in advance 
of the record date fixed for the buyback and should have become holders of equity shares on such record date.
There can be no assurance that shares offered by an ADS investor in any buyback of shares by us will be accepted by 
us. Any conversion of ADS into underlying equity shares and re-conversion of such equity shares into ADS is currently 
subject to limits of permissible foreign shareholding in the Company. Foreign investment of up to 100% of our share 
capital is currently permitted by Indian laws. Participation by ADS holders to in a buyback is also subject to Foreign 
Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, if any, Income Tax Act and rules and 
regulations framed thereunder, the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, as applicable, Circular on framework for issue 
of Depositary Receipts dated October 10, 2019 read with circular SEBI/HO/MRD2/DCAP/CIR/P/2 dated November 
28, 2019, SEBI/HO/MRD/DCAP/CIR/P/2020/190 dated October 01, 2020 and 
SEBI/HO/MRD2/DCAP/CIR/P/2020/243 dated December 18,2020 and also subject to such approvals, if and to the 
extent necessary or required from concerned authorities including, but not limited to, approvals from the RBI under 
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, if any. ADS investors are 
advised to consult their legal advisors for advice prior to participating in any buyback by us, including advice related 
to any related regulatory approvals and tax issues.
Liquidation Rights
As per the Indian Companies Act, 2013 and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, certain payments have 
preference over payments to be made to equity shareholders. These payments having preference include payments to 
be made by the Company to its employees, taxes, payments to secured and unsecured lenders and payments to holders 
of any shares entitled by their terms to preferential repayment over the equity shares. In the event of our winding-up, 
the holders of the equity shares are entitled to be repaid the amounts of paid-up capital or credited as paid-upon those 
equity shares after payments have been made by the Company as set out above. Subject to such payments having been 
made by the Company, any surplus assets are paid to holders of equity shares in proportion to their shareholdings.
Redemption of Equity Shares
Subject to the buyback of shares as set out in the section titled “Company Acquisition of Equity Shares”, under the 
Companies Act, 2013 equity shares are not redeemable.
Discriminatory Provisions in Articles
There are no provisions in our Articles of Association discriminating against / in favor of any existing or prospective 
holder of such securities as a result of such shareholder owning a substantial number of shares. There are no restrictions 
on the securities of the Company by any other class of securities or contracts. 
Alteration of Shareholder Rights
Under the Indian Companies Act, 2013 and subject to the provisions of the memorandum or articles of association of 
a company, the rights of any class of shareholders can be altered or varied (i) with the consent in writing of the holders 
of not less than three-fourths of the issued shares of that class; or (ii) by special resolution passed at a separate meeting 
of the holders of the issued shares of that class. However, if the variation by one class of shareholders affects the rights 
of any other class of shareholders, the consent of three-fourths of such other class of shareholders shall also be 
required. In the absence of any such provision in the articles, such alteration or variation is permitted as long as it is 
not prohibited by the terms of the issue of shares of such a class.
Limitations on the Rights to Own Securities
The limitations on the rights to own securities of Indian companies, including the rights of non-resident or foreign 
shareholders to hold securities, are discussed in the sections entitled ‘Currency Exchange Controls’ and ‘Risk Factors’ 
in Items 10 and 3 of this Annual Report.
Provisions on Changes in Capital
Our authorized capital can be altered by an ordinary resolution of the shareholders in a general meeting. The additional 
issue of shares is subject to the pre-emptive rights of the shareholders. In addition, a company may increase its share 
capital, consolidate its share capital into shares of larger face value than that of its existing shares or sub-divide its 
shares by reducing their par value, subject to an ordinary resolution of the shareholders in a general meeting.
Takeover Code
Under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 
2011 (“Takeover Code”), upon acquisition of shares or voting rights in a public listed Indian company such that the 
aggregate shares or voting rights of the acquirer (meaning a person who directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to 
acquire shares or voting rights in a target company, or acquires or agrees to acquire control over the target company, 
either by himself or together with persons acting in concert with him), is 5% or more of the shares of the company, 
the acquirer together with such persons acting in concert are required to, within two working days of such acquisition 
of shares or voting rights or receipt of intimation of allotment of shares, disclose the aggregate shareholding and voting 
rights in the company to the company and to the stock exchanges in which the shares of the company are listed.
Further, any person, together with persons acting in concert with him, who holds shares or voting rights entitling them 
to 5% or more of the shares or voting rights in a target company must disclose the number of shares or voting rights 
held and change in shareholding or voting rights from the last disclosure made if it exceeds 2% of the total shareholding 
or voting rights in the company to the company and to the stock exchanges on which the shares of the company are 
listed, within two working days of the receipt of intimation of allotment of shares,  or the acquisition or the disposal 
of shares or voting rights. This disclosure is required, in case of a sale, even if such sale results in the shareholding of 
the acquirer and the persons acting in concert falling below 5%.
The acquisition of shares or voting rights which entitles the acquirer and persons acting in concert with him to exercise 
25% or more of the voting rights in or control over the target company triggers a requirement for the acquirer and the 
persons acting in concert with him to make an open offer to acquire at least 26% of the total shares of the target 
company for an offer price determined as per the provisions of the Takeover Code. The acquirer is required to make 
a public announcement for an open offer on the date on which it is agreed to acquire such shares or voting rights in, 
or control over the target company. However, acquisition beyond 5 % but up to 10% of the voting rights in a target 
company was permitted for the financial year of 2020-2021, if the acquisition was by a promoter pursuant to 
preferential issue of equity shares by the target company.
Where the public shareholding in the target company is reduced to a level below the limit specified in the Securities
Contract (Regulation) Rules, 1957 (“SCRR”) read with the Listing Regulations on account of shares being acquired 
pursuant to an open offer, the acquirer is required to take necessary steps as permitted under SEBI circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/P/CIR/2023/18 dated February 3, 2023 (which superseded the SEBI circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/43/2018 dated February 22, 2018) to facilitate compliance with the public shareholding 
threshold within the time prescribed in the SCRR. Pursuant to amendments to the Takeover Code dated December 6,  
2021, an acquirer can make an offer for delisting the company if such acquirer declares his intention to do so at the 
time of making the public announcement of an open offer as well as at the time of making the detailed public statement 
in accordance with the provisions of the Takeover Code, provided that if the open offer is for an indirect acquisition 
that is not a deemed direct acquisition under sub-regulation (2) of regulation 5 of the Takeover Code, the declaration 
of the intent to so delist is required to be made initially only in the detailed public statement. Where the target company 
fails to get delisted pursuant to such delisting offer, but which results in the shareholding of the acquirer exceeding 
the maximum permissible non-public shareholding threshold, the acquirer can undertake a further attempt to delist the 
target company in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) 
Regulations, 2021 (“Delisting Regulations”) during the period of 12 months from the date of completion of the open 
offer, subject to the acquirer continuing to exceed the maximum permissible non-public shareholding in the target 
company. Further, upon failure of the further delisting attempt, the acquirer shall ensure compliance of the minimum 
public shareholding requirement of the target company under the SCRR within a period of 12 months from the end of 
the aforesaid period. Subject to the above, if the shareholding of the acquirer exceeds the maximum permissible non-
public shareholding in the company pursuant to an open offer, the acquirer will not be eligible to make a voluntary 
delisting offer under the Delisting Regulations, unless 12 months have elapsed from the date of the completion of 
offer period.
Since we are a listed company in India, the provisions of the Takeover Code will apply to us and to any person 
acquiring our equity shares or voting rights in our Company including the ADSs.
The ADSs entitle ADS holders to exercise voting rights in respect of the Deposited Equity Shares (as described in the 
section titled “Voting Rights of Deposited Equity Shares Represented by ADSs”). Accordingly, acquisition of the 
ADSs is subject to the provisions of the Takeover Code, including the requirement to make an open offer of at least 
26% of the shares of a company to the existing shareholders of the Company would be triggered by an ADS holder 
and any persons acting in concert with such ADS holder where the shares that underlie the holder’s (and any persons 
acting in concert with him) ADSs represent 25% or more of the shares or voting rights of the Company.
Pursuant to the Listing Regulations, we have entered into listing agreements with each of the Indian stock exchanges 
on which our equity shares are listed and must report to the stock exchanges any disclosures made to the Company 
pursuant to the Takeover Code. Our Articles of Association do not contain a provision that would have an effect of 
delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company and that would operate only with respect to a 
merger, acquisition or corporate restructuring involving the Company.
Maintenance of Minimum Public Shareholding (“MPS”) as a Condition for Continuous Listing
The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Rules, 1957 were amended on June 4, 2010, to make it mandatory for all listed 
companies in India to have a minimum public shareholding of 25%. The term ‘public shareholding’ for these purposes 
means equity shares of the company held by the public and includes shares underlying depository receipts if (i) the 
holder of such depository receipts has the right to issue voting instruction and (ii) such depository receipts are listed 
on an international exchange in accordance with the Depository Receipt Scheme, 2014. Equity shares of a company 
held by a trust set up for implementing employee benefit schemes under the regulations framed by the SEBI is 
excluded from ‘public shareholding’.
Existing listed companies having a lower public shareholding are required to reach the prescribed threshold of 25% 
by: 
a. sale of shares held by promoter(s)/ promoter group in the open market in any one of the following ways, 
subject to compliance with the conditions specified: i. Promoter(s)/ Promoter group can sell up to 2% of 
the total paid-up equity share capital of the listed entity, subject to five times’ average monthly trading 
volume of the shares of  the listed entity, every financial year till the due date for MPS compliance as per 
the SCRR or ii. Promoter(s)/ Promoter group can sell up to a maximum of 5% of the paid-up capital  of 
the listed entity during a financial year subject to the condition that the public holding in the listed entity 
shall become 25% after completion of such sale. The sale can be a single tranche or in multiple tranches 
not exceeding a period of 12 months and the amount of shares to be sold shall not exceed the trading 
volume of the shares of the listed entity during the preceding 12 months from the date of announcement; 
or 
b. allotment of eligible securities through qualified institutional placement in terms of Chapter VI of the 
SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; or
c. issuance of shares to the public through a prospectus; or
d. offers for sale of shares held by promoters / promoter group to the public through a prospectus; or
e. sale of shares held by promoters through the Stock Exchange mechanism i.e., the secondary market, in 
terms of circular reference no. SEBI/HO/ MRD/MRD-PoD-3/P/CIR/ 2023/10 dated January 10, 2023; or
f. rights issues to public shareholders, with promoter / promoter group shareholders forgoing their 
entitlement to equity shares, whether present or future, that may arise from such issue; or
g. bonus issues to public shareholders, with promoter / promoter group shareholders forgoing their 
entitlement to equity shares, whether present or future, that may arise from such issue; or
h. increase in public holding pursuant to exercise of options and allotment of shares under an employee stock 
option (ESOP) scheme, subject to a maximum of 2% of the paid-up equity share capital of the listed entity. 
Transfer of shares held by the promoter(s) / promoter group to an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) managed 
by a SEBI-registered mutual fund, subject to a maximum of 5% of the paid-up equity share capital of the 
listed entity; or
i. any other method as may be approved by SEBI on a case to case basis.
As of March 31, 2023, our public shareholding was approximately at 84.52%.
Voting Rights of Deposited Equity Shares Represented by ADSs
Under Indian law, voting in relation to the equity shares is by show of hands unless a poll is demanded by a member 
or members present in person or by proxy holding at least 10% of the total shares entitled to vote on the resolution or 
by those holding shares on which an aggregate sum of not less than ₹5,00,000 or such higher amount as may be 
prescribed has been paid-up. However, every company whose equity shares are listed on a recognized stock exchange 
and every company having not less than one thousand members shall provide to its members a facility to exercise their 
right to vote on resolutions proposed to be considered at a general meeting by electronic means. The Listing 
Regulations now provide that an e-voting facility must be mandatorily provided to shareholders in respect of all 
shareholders’ resolutions to in accordance with the procedure prescribed in the Indian Companies Act, 2013. 
As soon as practicable after receipt of notice of any general meetings or solicitation of consents or proxies of holders 
of shares or other deposited securities, our Depositary shall fix a record date for determining the holders entitled to 
give instructions for the exercise of voting rights. The Depositary shall then mail to the holders of ADSs a notice 
stating (i) such information as is contained in such notice of meeting and any solicitation materials, (ii) that each holder 
on the record date set by the Depositary will be entitled to instruct the Depositary as to the exercise of the voting 
rights, if any pertaining to the deposited securities represented by the ADSs evidenced by such holder’s ADRs, (iii) 
the manner in which such instruction may be given, including instructions to give discretionary proxy to a person 
designated by us, and (iv) as per the agreement with the Depositary if the Depositary does not receive instructions 
from a holder, he would be deemed to have instructed the Depositary to give a discretionary proxy to a person 
designated by us to vote such deposited securities, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions.
As per the agreement with the Depositary, on receipt of the aforesaid notice from the Depositary, our ADS holders 
may instruct the Depositary on how to exercise the voting rights for the shares that underlie their ADSs. For such 
instructions to be valid, the Depositary must receive them on or before a specified date.
The Depositary will try, as far as is practical, and in accordance with the terms of the agreement and subject to the 
provisions of Indian law and our Memorandum of Association and our Articles of Association, to vote or to have its 
agents vote in relation to the shares or other deposited securities as per our ADS holders’ instructions. The Depositary 
will only vote or attempt to vote as per an ADS holder’s instructions. The Depositary will not itself exercise any voting 
discretion. 
As per the agreement with the Depositary, neither the Depositary nor its agents are responsible for any failure to carry 
out any voting instructions, for the manner in which any vote is cast, or for the effect of any vote. There is no guarantee 
that our ADS holders will receive voting materials in time to instruct the Depositary to vote and it is possible that 
ADS holders, or persons who hold their ADSs through brokers, dealers or other third parties, will not have the 
opportunity to exercise a right to vote.
Insider Trading Regulations
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015 ("Insider Trading 
Regulations") covers within its ambit both listed and proposed to be listed securities and in addition with trading, also 
specifies that communication or procuring unpublished price sensitive information in violation of the Insider Trading 
Regulations as an offence. In terms of the Insider Trading Regulations, the promoters, members of promoter group, 
key managerial personnel and directors of a company are required to disclose their respective holding of securities of 
the company within seven days of their appointment or becoming a promoter or members of promoter group. Further, 
every promoter, members of promoter group, designated person and director of a company is required to disclose to 
the company the number of securities acquired or disposed of by such individual within two trading days of a 
transaction, if the value of the securities traded, whether in one transaction or a series of transactions over any calendar 
quarter, aggregates to a traded value in excess of ₹1,000,000 or such other value as may be prescribed. The company 
is required to notify the stock exchanges where its securities are listed within two trading days of receipt of such 
disclosure or becoming aware of such information. Any company whose securities are listed on a stock exchange may, 
at its discretion, require any other connected person or class of connected persons to make disclosures of holdings and 
trading in securities of the company in such  form and  at  such frequency  as  may  be determined by the company in 
order to monitor compliance with Insider Trading Regulations.
MATERIAL CONTRACTS
At the 2022 AGM, the Board and Shareholders approved the reappointment of Salil Parekh as Chief Executive Officer 
and Managing Director of the Company, with a term commencing on July 1, 2022, and ending on March 31, 2027, 
and approved the execution of a new employment agreement.
Mr. Parekh’s new employment agreement provides for an annual salary, variable pay, stock compensation, employee 
benefits, vacation, expenses, minimum and maximum remuneration. The agreement also provides that Mr. Parekh and 
the Company will provide each other with 90 days’ notice prior to terminating the agreement for reasons other than 
Cause or Good Reason (each as defined in the agreement). Mr. Parekh may be entitled to severance benefits depending 
on the circumstances of his termination of employment. 
The Company has not entered into any material contracts, other than contracts with its CEO during the two years 
immediately preceding publication of this Form 20-F. The new employment agreement is filed as an exhibit to this 
Annual Report on Form 20-F.
We have also entered into agreements to indemnify our directors and officers for claims brought against them to the 
fullest extent permitted under applicable law. These agreements, among other things, indemnify our directors and 
officers for certain expenses, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any such person in any action or 
proceeding, including any action by or in the right of Infosys Limited, arising out of such persons’ services as our 
director or officer, expenses in relation to public relation consultation if required. The form of indemnification 
agreements for directors and officers has been filed previously with our Annual Report on Form 20-F.
CURRENCY EXCHANGE CONTROLS
General
The subscription, purchase and sale of shares of an Indian company are governed by various Indian laws restricting 
the issuance of shares by the Company to non-residents or subsequent transfer of shares by or to non-residents. These 
restrictions have been relaxed in recent years. Set forth below is a summary of various forms of investment, and the 
restrictions applicable to each, including the requirements under Indian law applicable to the issuance of ADSs.
Foreign Direct Investment Issuances by the Company
The Government of India, pursuant to its liberalization policy, introduced the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 
1999, which along with the rules, regulations and notifications issued thereunder, regulates all Foreign Direct  
Investment ("FDI") in India. FDI means investments through equity instruments by a person residing outside India in 
an unlisted Indian company; or in 10% or more of the post issue paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis of a 
listed Indian company. Regulatory approval is required for investment in some sectors, including defense and certain 
strategic industries. Also, the following investments would require prior regulatory permission: 
•Foreign investments, including a transfer of shares, in excess of foreign investment limits; and
•All proposals relating to transfer of control and/or ownership pursuant to amalgamation, merger or 
acquisition of an Indian company currently owned or controlled by resident Indian citizens and Indian 
companies, which are owned or controlled by resident Indian citizens to a non-resident entity, the 
activities of which company are not under the “automatic” route under existing Indian foreign investment 
policy. 
Subject to certain conditions, under the extant Consolidated FDI Policy (effective from October 15, 2020), FDI in 
most industry sectors does not require prior approval of Government of India or the RBI, if the percentage of equity 
holding by all foreign investors does not exceed specified industry-specific thresholds. These conditions include 
certain minimum pricing requirements, compliance with the Takeover Code (as described above), and ownership 
restrictions based on the nature of the foreign investor (as described below). Purchases by foreign investors of ADSs 
are treated as direct foreign investment in the equity issued by Indian companies for such offerings. Foreign investment 
of up to 100% of our share capital is currently permitted by Indian laws. With a view to safeguard domestic 
organizations from hostile or opportunistic acquisitions in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, by way of the 
Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 issued on April 22, 2020, the 
Ministry of Finance has made the prior approval of the Government mandatory for receiving foreign investments 
(including the subsequent transfer of ownership), on or after April 22, 2020, from countries that share land border 
with India. This requirement also applies in cases where the beneficial owner of such foreign investment (both at the 
time of investment and any change thereafter due to transfer of ownership) is situated in or is a citizen of a country 
sharing land border with India.
Subsequent Transfers
Restrictions for subsequent transfers of shares of Indian companies between residents and non-residents were relaxed 
significantly as of October 2004. As a result, for a transfer by way of a private arrangement between a resident and a 
non-resident of securities of an Indian company in the IT sector, such as ours, no prior approval of either the RBI or 
the Government of India is required, as long as certain conditions are met. These conditions include compliance, as 
applicable, with pricing guidelines, the Takeover Code (as described above), and the ownership restrictions based on 
the nature of the foreign investor (as described below). In case of a sale of shares of a listed Indian company by a 
resident to a non-resident, the minimum price per share payable by a non-resident to acquire the shares cannot be less 
than the higher of:
a. the 90 trading days’ volume weighted average price of the related equity shares quoted on the recognized 
stock exchange prior to the relevant date; or 
b. the 10 trading days’ the volume weighted average prices of the related equity shares quoted on the 
recognized stock exchange prior to the relevant date.
Provided that if the Articles of Association of the issuer provide for a method of determination which results in a floor 
price higher than that determined as per the above, then the same shall be considered as the floor price for the aforesaid 
transfer of equity shares of a listed company. 
In case of a sale of shares of a listed Indian company by a non-resident to a resident, the price of shares transferred by 
a non-resident to a resident in India should not exceed the price worked out in accordance with the relevant SEBI 
guidelines. 
A non-resident cannot acquire shares of a listed company on a stock exchange unless such non-resident is (a) registered 
as  FPI with the SEBI; or (b) NRI or (c) an individual resident outside India who is registered as an overseas citizen 
of India cardholder under the Citizenship Act, 1955 ("OCIs") or (d) an individual resident outside India investing 
through FDI has already acquired control of such company in accordance with Takeover Code and continues to hold 
such control. 
The conditions prescribed for investment by a non-resident on the stock exchange under the FDI route, are as follows:
i. The non-resident investor should have already acquired and continues to hold control in accordance with 
the Takeover Code;
ii. The amount of consideration for transfer of shares to non-resident consequent to purchase on the stock 
exchange may be paid as per the mode of payment specified by the Reserve Bank or out of the dividend 
payable by Indian investee company, in which the said non-resident has acquired and continues to hold 
control in accordance with Takeover Code provided the right to receive dividend is established and the 
dividend amount has been credited to a specially designated non-interest bearing rupee account for 
acquisition of shares on the recognized stock exchange;
iii. The original and resultant investments are in line with the extant foreign direct investment policy and the 
regulations under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 in respect of sectoral cap, entry route, 
reporting requirement and documentation.
Transfers of shares or convertible debentures of the company, by way of sale or gift, between two non-residents (other 
than NRI, OCI or erstwhile OCB) are not subject to RBI approvals or pricing restrictions. However, for sectors in 
which foreign direct investment requires prior Government approval (foreign direct investment in the information 
technology sector does not require prior Government approval), approval from the Government of India will be 
required for a transfer between two non-residents. 
Investment by Non-Resident Indians and Overseas Citizens of India
NRIs and OCIs are permitted to purchase or sell equity instruments1 of a listed Indian company on repatriation basis, 
on a recognized stock exchange in India through a branch designated by an authorized dealer for this purpose. An NRI 
or OCI can purchase up to 5% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or should not exceed 5% of 
the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company, 
subject to the condition that the total holdings of all NRIs and OCIs together does not exceed 10% of the total paid-
up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or should not exceed 10% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures 
or preference shares or share warrants. The 10% ceiling may be exceeded if a special resolution is passed in a general 
meeting of the shareholders of a company, subject to an overall ceiling of 24%. In addition, NRIs may also make FDI  
in Indian companies pursuant to the FDI route discussed above.
Overseas corporate bodies controlled by NRIs ("OCBs"), were previously permitted to invest on favorable terms under 
the Portfolio Investment Scheme. The RBI no longer recognizes OCBs as an eligible class of investment vehicle under 
various routes and schemes under the foreign exchange regulations.
1.Rule 2(k) of the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 (as amended from time to 
time, define “equity instruments” to mean equity shares, convertible debentures, preference shares and share 
warrants issued by an Indian company. Explanation:(i) Equity shares by an Indian company issued in accordance 
with the provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 2013 or any other applicable law shall include equity shares 
that have been partly paid. “Convertible debentures” means fully and mandatorily convertible debentures which 
are fully paid. “Preference shares” means fully and mandatorily convertible preference shares which are fully 
paid. Share Warrants are those issued by an Indian company in accordance with the regulations by the SEBI, the 
Companies Act, 2013 or any other applicable law. Equity instruments can contain an optionality clause subject 
to a minimum lock-in period of one year or as prescribed for the specific sector, whichever is higher, but without 
any option or right to exit at an assured price. (ii) Partly paid shares that have been issued to a person resident 
outside India shall be fully called-up within twelve months of such issue or as may be specified by the RBI from 
time to time. Twenty- five per cent of the total consideration amount (including share premium, if any) shall be 
received upfront. (iii) In case of share warrants, at least twenty-five per cent of the consideration shall be received 
upfront and the balance amount within eighteen months of the issuance of share warrants. 
Investment by Foreign Portfolio Investors ("FPI")
Investments by FPIs are governed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) 
Regulations, 2019 (“FPI Regulations”), the Master Circular issued by the SEBI for FPIs, designated depository  
participants and eligible foreign investors dated December 19, 2022, the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt 
Instruments) Rules, 2019 ("Non-Debt Rules") and the Foreign Exchange Management (Debt Instruments) 
Regulations, 2019 from an Indian exchange control perspective. FPIs are required to be registered with the designated 
depository participant on behalf of SEBI subject to compliance with ‘Know Your Customer’ norms. FPIs can invest 
only in the permitted securities such as:
a. shares, debentures and warrants issued by a body corporate, listed or to be listed on a recognized 
stock exchange in India;
b. units of schemes launched by mutual funds under Chapter V, VI-A and  VI-B of the SEBI (Mutual 
Fund) Regulations, 1996;
c. units of schemes floated by a Collective Investment Scheme in accordance with the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Collective Investment Schemes) Regulations, 1999;
d. derivatives traded on a recognized stock exchange;
e. units of Real Estate Investment Trusts, Infrastructure Investment Trusts and Category III Alternative 
Investment Funds registered with SEBI;
f. Indian depository receipts;
g. dated government securities and treasury bills;
h. non-convertible debentures/bonds issued by an Indian company;
i. commercial papers issued by an Indian company;
j. units of domestic mutual funds or ETFs which invest less than or equal to 50 percent in equity;
k. Security Receipts (SRs) issued by asset reconstruction companies;
l. debt instruments issued by banks, eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital;
m. credit enhanced bonds;
n. Listed non-convertible / redeemable preference shares or debentures issued in terms of Regulation 
6 of the Foreign Exchange Management (Debt Instruments) Regulations, 2019;
o. securitized debt instruments, including any certificate or instrument issued by a special purpose 
vehicle set up for securitization of assets with banks, financial institutions or non-banking financial 
institutions as originators; 
p. Rupee denominated bonds or units issued by Infrastructure Debt Funds, provided this will include 
such instruments issued on or after November 22, 2011 and held by FPIs;
q. municipal bonds; and
r. such other instruments specified by the SEBI from time to time.
 
A single FPI (including its investor group) is permitted to purchase equity shares of a company only below 10% of 
the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis of the company. If the investment made by a person resident 
outside India through equity instruments in a listed Indian company is less than 10% of the post issue paid-up equity 
share capital (on a fully diluted basis) of such listed Indian company or less than 10% of the paid up value of each 
series of equity instruments of such listed Indian company, such investment would be categorized as foreign portfolio 
investment. However, there is a distinction between such foreign portfolio investment and investment by an entity 
registered with SEBI as a FPI. In other words, all investments by a SEBI registered FPI will necessarily be categorized 
as foreign portfolio investments, however investments by entities not registered as FPI with SEBI can also be 
categorized as ‘foreign portfolio investments’ if it is within the prescribed limits. Subject to compliance with all 
applicable Indian laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals in terms of Regulation 21 of the FPI Regulations, 
an FPI may issue, subscribe to or otherwise deal in offshore derivative instruments (as defined under the FPI 
Regulations as any instrument, by whatever name called, which is issued overseas by a FPI against securities held by 
it in India, as its underlying) directly or indirectly, only in the event (i) such offshore derivative instruments are issued 
only by persons who are registered as Category I FPIs; (ii) such offshore derivative instruments are issued only to  
persons who are eligible for registration as Category I FPIs(iii) such offshore derivative instruments are issued after 
compliance with ‘know your client’ norms; and (iv) compliance with other conditions as may be prescribed by SEBI 
from time to time. An FPI issuing offshore derivative instruments is also required to ensure any transfer of any offshore 
derivative instrument issued by or on behalf of it is made to persons who fulfil the above requirements. Further, prior 
consent of the FPI issuing the offshore derivative instrument is to be obtained for such transfer, except when the 
persons to whom the offshore derivative instruments are to be transferred to are pre-approved by the FPI. Category II 
FPIs or persons who would be categorized as Category II FPIs cannot deal in offshore derivative instruments.
 
The Non-Debt Rules (as amended from time to time) provide that an FPI may purchase equity instruments of a listed 
Indian company on a recognized stock exchange in India or through public offer or private placement, subject to the 
individual and aggregate limits and the conditions specified. The transaction involving dealing in securities by a FPI 
shall be only through stock brokers registered with SEBI. However, under the FPI Regulations, an FPI may deal in 
securities without a stock broker registered with SEBI in case of (i) transactions in Government securities and such 
other securities falling under the purview of the RBI carried out in the manner as specified by the RBI; (ii) sale of 
securities in response to a letter of offer sent by an acquirer in accordance with the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of 
Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; (iii) sale of securities in response to an offer made by any promoter or 
acquirer in accordance with the SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; (iv) sale of securities in 
accordance with the SEBI (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (v) divestment of securities in response to an 
offer by Indian companies in accordance with Operative Guidelines for Disinvestment of Shares by Indian Companies 
in the overseas market through issue of American Depository Receipts or Global Depository Receipts as notified by 
the Government of India from time to time; (vi) any bid for, or acquisition of securities in response to an offer for 
disinvestment of shares made by the Central Government or any State Government; (vii) in any transaction in 
securities pursuant to an agreement entered into with merchant banker in the process of market making or subscribing 
to unsubscribed portion of the issue in accordance with Chapter IX of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018; (viii) 
through transactions in corporate bonds; (ix) transactions  on  the electronic  book  provider platform of recognized 
stock exchanges; (x) transactions to receive and hold unlisted securities as referred at Regulation 20(2) of the FPI 
Regulations and transactions  in unlisted securities received through involuntary corporate actions including a scheme 
of a merger or demerger approved in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 2013 as well as the 
applicable guidelines issued by SEBI or pursuant to implementation of any resolution plan approved under the Indian 
Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 or in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Government of India or 
RBI or any other regulator for a scheme of debt resolution, provided that such unlisted holdings of the FPI shall be 
treated as Foreign Direct Investment; (xi) transactions for transfer of rights entitlements; (xii) purchase of illiquid or 
suspended or delisted securities; (xiii) transactions with other registered FPIs, who have a multi investment manager 
structure with the same beneficial owner and have common Permanent Account Number; and (xiv) any other 
transaction as may be specified by SEBI.
 
As per the Non-Debt Rules, the total holding of each FPI (or an investor group) shall be below 10% of the total paid 
up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or less than 10% of the paid up value of each series of debentures or preference 
shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company. The FPIs investing in breach of the prescribed limit of 10% 
shall have the option of divesting their holdings within five trading days from the date of settlement of the trades 
causing the breach. In case the FPI chooses not to divest, then the entire investment in the company by such FPI and 
its investor group shall be considered as investment under FDI and the FPI and its investor group shall not make 
further portfolio investment in the company concerned. The divestment of the holdings by FPI and the reclassification 
of FPI investment as FDI shall be subject to further conditions, if any, specified by SEBI and the RBI in this regard.
 
Effective April 1, 2020, the aggregate limit for investment by FPIs is the sectoral caps applicable to the Indian 
company as set out under the FDI route. Prior to March 31, 2020, companies were provided the option of setting a 
lower aggregate limit of 24% or 49% or 74% as deemed fit, instead of the sectoral caps, with the approval of its board 
of directors and shareholders (through a special resolution). If a company has decreased its aggregate limit to 24% or 
49% or 74%, it may subsequently increase such aggregate limit to 49% or 74% or the sectoral cap or statutory ceiling, 
respectively as deemed fit, with the approval of its board of directors and shareholders (through a special resolution). 
Once the aggregate limit has been increased to a higher threshold, the Indian company cannot reduce the same to a 
lower threshold. The aggregate limit with respect to an Indian company in a sector where FDI is prohibited is 24%.
 
Aggregate foreign portfolio investment of up to 49% of the paid-up capital on a fully diluted basis or sectoral / statutory 
cap, whichever is lower, will not be subject to either Government approval or compliance of sectoral conditions, as  
the case may be, if such investment does not result in transfer of ownership and control of the resident Indian company 
from resident Indian citizens or transfer of ownership or control to persons resident outside India and other investments 
by a person resident outside India shall be subject to the conditions of Government approval and compliance of sectoral 
conditions as laid down in the Non-Debt Rules.
 
Section 9 of the Income Tax Act was amended vide Finance Act, 2017 so as to clarify that explanation 5 shall not 
apply to an asset or capital asset, which is held by a non-resident by way of investment, directly or indirectly, in a FII 
as referred to in clause (a) of the explanation to section 115AD of the Income Tax Act for an assessment year 
commencing on or after the April 01, 2012, but before the April 01, 2015. This amendment takes effect retrospectively 
from April 1, 2012, and will, accordingly, apply from assessment year 2012-13 and subsequent assessment years. 
Section 9 of the Income Tax Act has been further amended so as to clarify that explanation 5 shall not apply to an 
asset or capital asset, which is held by a non-resident by way of investment, directly or indirectly, in Category-I or 
Category-II FPI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014, 
made under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (15 of 1992). This amendment takes effect 
retrospectively from April 1, 2015, and will, accordingly, apply from assessment year 2015-16 and subsequent 
assessment years.
 
Further, Finance Act 2020, dated March 27, 2020, has modified the above proviso to explanation 5. After the 
amendments, below shall be applicable with effect from April 1, 2020, and will, accordingly, apply in relation to the 
assessment year 2020-21 and subsequent assessment years. 
 
Explanation 5 shall not apply to an asset or capital asset, which is held by a non-resident by way of investment, directly 
or indirectly, in a FII as referred to in clause (a) of the explanation to section 115AD of the Income Tax Act for an 
assessment year commencing on or after the April 01, 2012, but before the April 01, 2015. Further, explanation 5 shall 
not apply to an asset or capital asset, which is held by a non-resident by way of investment, directly or indirectly, in 
Category-I or Category-II FPI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) 
Regulations, 2014 prior to their repeal, made under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (15 of 
1992). Further, following proviso is also inserted vide Finance Act 2020, “Provided also that nothing contained in 
explanation 5 shall apply to an asset or a capital asset, which is held by a nonresident by way of investment, directly 
or indirectly, in Category-I foreign portfolio investor under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign 
Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, made under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992”.
ADSs Issue of securities through the depository receipt mechanism
Issue of securities through the depository receipt mechanism by Indian companies is governed by the Companies Act, 
2013, the Companies (Issue of Global Depository Receipts) Rules, 2014 (Depository Receipts Rules) and the 
Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014 (the “DR Scheme”) and SEBI Circulars dated October 10, 2019, November 28, 
2019, October 01, 2020, and December 18, 2020, on framework for issue of Depositary Receipts.
The Government of India approved the DR Scheme on October 21, 2014, which came into force on December 15, 
2014. Consequently, the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through Depository 
Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 (the “1993 Scheme”) has been repealed except to the extent relating to foreign 
currency convertible bonds. The DR Scheme is in addition to the other policies or facilities, as described above, 
relating to investments in Indian companies by foreign investors.
Under the DR Scheme, an Indian company, listed or unlisted, private or public, is permitted to issue or transfer 
permissible securities to a foreign depository for the purpose of issue of a Depository Receipt (“DR”) if such company 
has not been specifically prohibited from accessing capital markets or dealing in securities subject to the conditions 
prescribed therein. However, the SEBI vide its circular dated October 10, 2019 (SEBI Circular), has now restricted 
the scope of issuance of DRs to Companies incorporated in and listed on a recognized stock exchange in India. 
Permissible securities as per the SEBI Circular have been defined to mean equity shares and debt securities, which are 
in dematerialized form and rank pari passu with the securities issued and listed on a Recognized Stock Exchange. 
The SEBI Circular has notified a detailed framework for issuance of DRs by a listed Indian company. The new 
framework which has come into force effective October 10, 2019, sets out eligibility requirements as well as certain 
obligations to be complied with by issuers of DRs. The circular issued on October 1, 2020, requires listed companies 
to appoint one of the Indian Depository as the "Designated Depository" for the purpose of monitoring of limits in 
respect of DRs. Further, the Depository Receipts (Amendment) Scheme, 2019 (the “DR Circular”) has also been 
notified on October 7, 2019, which amends the definition of 'permissible jurisdiction', inter alia, to include the 
International Financial Services Centre in India.
Previously, under the DR Scheme, companies were only required to comply with eligibility requirements pertaining 
to prohibition from accessing capital markets or dealing in securities. However, the current framework now prescribes 
certain additional requirements including not being declared as a willful defaulter or a fugitive economic offender.
In addition to the requirements under the Companies Act, 2013 and the DR Scheme, the current framework as under 
the DR Circular sets out certain additional requirements for issuances of DRs. A permissible holder i.e., holder of DRs 
(including its beneficial owner) excludes an Indian and a non – resident Indian, which is over and above the 
requirements of the DR Scheme. However, in case of issue of DRs to NRIs pursuant to share based employee benefit 
schemes which are implemented by a company in terms of SEBI (Share Based Employee Benefits) Regulations 2014, 
a bonus issue and a rights issue, an NRI will not be excluded as a 'permissible holder' of DRs. 
The Company has complied with the provisions of the DR Circular effective October 10, 2019, including subsequent 
notifications issued by SEBI in this regard, as applicable to the Company. 
A ‘permissible jurisdiction’ for the purpose of the SEBI Circular means jurisdictions as may be notified by the Central 
Government from time to time, pursuant to notification no. G.S.R. 669(E) dated September 18, 2019, in respect of 
sub-rule 1 of rule 9 of Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005. A list of 'permissible 
jurisdictions' has been subsequently notified by the Central Government vide a notification dated November 28, 2019. 
Accordingly, SEBI vide its circular dated November 28, 2019, notified the list of 'permissible jurisdictions' pursuant 
to the SEBI Circular.
A listed company issuing DRs is also now required to file with the Indian stock exchanges, any public disclosure made 
to the international stock exchange within 24 hours from the date of filing. The issuer would also be required to file 
the offer document for an initial issue of DRs with SEBI and the stock exchanges to seek their comments, if any.
A listed company issuing DRs is also required to ensure compliance with extant laws including compliance with the 
minimum public shareholding requirements and limits on foreign investment holding under the FEMA. As regards 
pricing, the current framework provides that the pricing of DR issuances would have to be undertaken at a minimum 
price equivalent to the price determined for corresponding mode of issue to domestic investors.
Furthermore, the current requirements relating to exercise of voting rights have also been modified under the new 
framework. Under the DR Scheme, while the exercise of voting rights on the shares underlying the DRs could be dealt 
with contractually under the deposit agreement, if such voting rights were not exercisable by the DR holders, the 
shares would not be counted towards minimum public shareholding requirements. However, under the revised 
framework, voting rights on the underlying shares are mandatorily required to be exercised only by DR holders. 
The summary provided above is based on laws applicable as of March 31, 2023 and is not intended to constitute a 
complete analysis of all laws applicable to the Company and its securities or a substitute for professional legal advice.
TAXATION 
Indian Taxation 
General. The following summary is based on the law and practice of the Income Tax Act including the special tax 
regime contained in Sections 115AC and 115ACA of the Income Tax Act read with the Issue of Foreign Currency 
Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (through Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993, as amended (the 
“Scheme”). 
The Income Tax Act is amended every year by the Finance Act of the relevant year. Some or all of the tax 
consequences of Sections 115AC and 115ACA may be amended or changed by future amendments to the Income Tax 
Act.
We believe this information is materially complete as of the date hereof. However, these details are not intended to 
constitute a complete analysis of the individual tax consequences to non-resident holders or employees under Indian 
law for the acquisition, ownership and sale of ADSs and equity shares.
EACH INVESTOR OR PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT HIS, HER OR ITS OWN TAX 
ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO INDIAN AND LOCAL TAX CONSEQUENCES OF ACQUIRING, 
OWNING OR DISPOSING OF EQUITY SHARES OR ADSs.
Residence. For purposes of the Income Tax Act, an individual is considered to be a resident of India during any fiscal 
year if he or she is in India in that year for a period or periods amounting to at least 182 days; or at least 60 days and, 
within the four preceding years has been in India for a period or periods amounting to at least 365 days.
The period of 60 days referred to above shall be read as 182 days (i) in case of a citizen of India who leaves India in 
a previous year for the purposes of employment outside of India or (ii) in the case of a citizen of India or a person of 
Indian origin living abroad who visits India.
 
Finance Act 2020 has amended the residence rule to provide that in case of Indian citizens or a person of Indian origin 
living abroad visiting India having total income, other than income from foreign source, exceeding Rs. 15 lakhs, the 
period of stay would be considered at 120 days as against 182 days as provided above. Further such person would be 
treated at Not Ordinarily Resident (“NOR”) if his stay is India is less than 182 days. In this regard, Foreign source has 
been defined to include income which accrues or arises outside India, except income derived from a business 
controlled in or a profession set up in India and which is not deemed to accrue or arise in India. Further, this provision 
shall not apply to a person resident in India. Further, CBDT vide Circular 11/2020 dated May 8, 2020, and circular 
02/2021 dated March 3, 2021, has provided relaxation and clarification on residency rules in light of the COVID-19 
pandemic and resultant overstay.
Further provided that an Indian Citizen would be deemed to be as Resident of India when such person has income 
other than income from foreign source, exceeding Rs. 15 lakhs during the previous year and if he/she is not liable to 
income tax in any other country or territory by reason of his domicile or residence or any other criteria of similar 
nature. Further such person who is deemed to be resident of India would be treated as NOR.
A Company is a resident of India if it is incorporated in India or the control and the management of its affairs is 
situated wholly in India. Individuals and companies that do not fulfill the above criteria would be treated as non-
residents for purposes of the Income Tax Act. The Finance Act, 2015 has amended this definition and brought in the 
concept of Place of Effective Management (“PoEM”) (i.e., a Company would be considered a resident in India if its 
place of effective management in that year is in India). Thus, a foreign company will be resident in India, if its PoEM 
in that year is in India. The term “PoEM” has been explained to mean a place where key management and commercial 
decisions that are necessary for the conduct of the business of an entity as a whole, are in substance made. PoEM is 
an internationally recognized concept and accepted even by the OECD. The Finance Act 2016 has made the 
applicability of PoEM from fiscal 2017 onwards. Further to the amended definition, the Ministry of Finance issued 
draft guidelines for determining PoEM of a company on December 23, 2015. CBDT via circular dated January 24, 
2017, has come up with guiding principles to be followed to determine PoEM. Further, the CBDT has vide Notification 
No. 29/2018 dated June 22, 2018, specified the exceptions, modifications and adaptations to the provisions of the 
Income Tax Act relating to computation of total income, treatment of unabsorbed depreciation, set off or carry forward 
and set off of losses, collection and recovery and special provisions relating to avoidance of tax that shall apply to a 
foreign company having POEM in India. This may increase the compliance of filing of returns and assessment of our 
subsidiary company situated outside India.
Taxation of Distributions. Up to March 31, 2020, dividend income was exempt from tax for shareholders, during the 
said period the effective rate of Dividend Distribution Tax (“DDT”) was payable by the Company at 20.5553%. Earlier  
the Finance Act 2017 has provided that any income earned by any resident except domestic companies or specified 
funds or trusts or institutions, by way of dividend declared, distributed or paid by any domestic company in excess of 
₹1,000,000 in aggregate shall be chargeable to tax at the rate of 10% on gross basis on such amount exceeding 
₹1,000,000. 
 
The Finance Act 2020 has replaced DDT with the classical system of dividend taxation wherein dividend income will 
be taxed in the hands of the shareholders at their respective applicable tax rates. In the light of the above changes 
under the Income Tax Act, Company paying dividend to shareholders is required to do withholding of tax at the 
applicable rates prescribed under Income Tax Act read along Tax Treaty with respective countries (together with MLI 
as applicable) subject to conditions specified under the Income Tax Act. 
Section 115BBD provides that where the total income of an assessee, being an Indian company, includes any income 
by way of dividends declared, distributed, or paid by a specified foreign company, the income tax payable on such 
dividend income shall be at the rate of 15% as increased by the applicable surcharge and Heath & Education cess. 
Specified foreign company" means a foreign company in which the Indian company holds twenty-six per cent or more 
in nominal value of the equity share capital of the company. The Finance Act 2022 has removed section 115BBD and 
thereby states that provision of section 115BBD shall not be applicable to any financial year beginning on or after 
April 1, 2022. As a result, with effect from April 1, 2022, any dividend received by Indian company from specified 
foreign company shall be chargeable to tax at statutory income tax rate applicable to such Indian company.  
Further the Finance Act 2020 has restored the section 80M of Income Tax Act to prevent the cascading effect of 
imposition of tax on dividend on same profits, by providing that where a domestic company declares dividend, out of 
dividend received from another domestic or foreign company or business trust, it shall be allowed in computing the 
total income of such domestic company, a deduction of an amount equal to so much of the amount of income by way 
of dividends received from such other domestic company or foreign company or business trust as does not exceed the 
amount of dividend distributed by it up to one month prior to the due date of filing Income Tax Return. 
Further the Finance Act 2020 amended section 57 of Income Tax Act to provide that no deduction shall be allowed 
from dividend income, other than deduction on account of interest expense and in any previous year such deduction 
shall not exceed twenty percent of the dividend income included in the total income for that year without deduction 
under section 57 of Income Tax Act.
Taxation of Employee Stock Options. Through the Finance Act, 2009, Section 17 (2) of the Income Tax Act was 
amended to provide that any specified securities or sweat equity shares allotted or transferred, directly or indirectly, 
by a company free of cost or at concessional rate to its current or former employees are taxable in the hands of 
employees as a “perquisite”. This treatment extends to all options granted under a company’s stock option plan, where 
such option is exercised on or after April 1, 2009. The value of the perquisite is the fair market value, or FMV, of the 
specified security or share as on the date of exercise of the option by the employee as reduced by the amount actually 
paid by or recovered from the employee in respect of such security or share. The value of the perquisite so computed 
is added to the income chargeable to tax in the hands of the employee under the head “salaries” and subject to tax at 
the rate applicable to the individual employee. Securities or sweat equity shares allotted or transferred by a company 
free of cost or at concessional rate to its employees were earlier subject to a fringe benefit tax, which now stands 
abolished.
Taxation of Capital Gains. The following is a brief summary of capital gains taxation of non-resident holders and 
resident employees relating to the sale of ADSs and equity shares received upon conversion of ADSs. The relevant 
provisions are contained mainly in sections 2(42A), 45, 47(viia), 47(x), 49(2ABB), 115AC and 115ACA, of the 
Income Tax Act, in conjunction with the Scheme.
Effective April 1, 2001, the Finance Act, 2001 introduced a new section 115AC in place of the prevailing section 
115AC of the Income Tax Act. You should consult your own tax advisor concerning the tax consequences of your 
particular situation.
Shares (including shares issuable on the conversion of the ADSs) held by the non-resident investor for a period of 
more than 12 months is treated as long term capital assets. If the shares are held for a period of less than 12 months 
from the date of conversion, the same is treated as short term capital asset. 
Capital gains are taxed as follows:
•     As per the applicable scheme, gains from a sale of ADSs outside India by a non-resident to another non- resident 
are not taxable in India;
•       Long-term capital gains realized by a resident from the transfer of the ADSs will be subject to tax at the rate of 
10% as increased by the applicable surcharge and Health and education cess; short-term capital gains on such a transfer 
will be taxed at graduated rates with a maximum of 30%, as increased by the applicable surcharge and Health and 
education cess;
•       Long-term capital gains realized by a non-resident upon the sale of equity shares obtained from the conversion 
of ADSs are subject to tax at a rate of 10% as increased by the applicable surcharge and Health and education cess; 
and short-term capital gains on such a transfer will be taxed at the rate of tax applicable to the seller;
•       Long Term Capital Gain arising from sale of equity shares in a company (or a unit of an equity-oriented fund or 
a unit of a business trust) on or after October 1, 2004, and on which STT is paid at the time of sale, was earlier exempt 
from Tax. The Finance Act 2017 had amended the Income Tax Act to provide that the Long-term capital gains realized 
by any person upon the sale of equity shares in a company is exempt from tax only if the sale of such shares is made 
on a recognized stock exchange and Securities Transaction Tax, or STT (described below) is paid both at the time of 
purchase and sale of such shares, or such acquisition has been notified by the central government. The Finance Act, 
2018 has amended the Income Tax Act to provide that Long Term Capital Gain exceeding₹100,000 arising from sale 
of equity shares in a company or a unit of an equity-oriented fund or a unit of a business trust will be taxable at a rate 
of 10%, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and will not get the benefit of indexation. Thus, any transfer 
carried out after April 1, 2018, would result in Long Term Capital Gains in excess of ₹100,000 and will attract tax at 
the rate of 10%. Further if investments are made on or before January 31, 2018, a method of determining the Cost of 
Acquisition (“COA”) of such investments has been specifically laid down. The COA of such investments shall be 
deemed to be the higher of –
1.      The actual COA of such investments; and
2.      The lower of – 
o Fair Market Value (“FMV”) of such investments as on January 31, 2018; and
o the Full Value of Consideration received or accruing as a result of the transfer of the capital asset 
i.e., the Sale Price.
With respect to assets listed as on January 31, 2018, the FMV would be the highest price quoted on the recognized 
stock exchange on January 31, 2018. In case there is no trading of the said asset in such stock exchange, the highest 
price on a day immediately preceding January 31, 2018, shall be considered to be the FMV; and
•       Any short-term capital gain is taxed at 15% as increased by the applicable surcharge and Health and education 
cess, if the sale of such equity shares is settled on a recognized stock exchange and STT is paid on such sale.
 
As per the Finance Act, 2015, the rate of surcharge for domestic companies having total taxable income exceeding 
₹10,000,000 but not exceeding ₹100,000,000 is 7% and in the case of domestic companies whose total taxable income 
is greater than ₹100,000,000, the applicable surcharge is 12%. For foreign companies, the rate of surcharge is 2% if 
the total taxable income exceeds ₹10,000,000 but does not exceed ₹100,000,000 and it is 5% if the total taxable income 
of the foreign company exceeds ₹100,000,000. The taxes and applicable surcharge will be increased by incremental 
levy known as ‘Health and Education cess’ at 4%. Since October 1, 2004, with respect to a sale and purchase of equity 
shares entered into on a recognized stock exchange, (i) both the buyer and seller are required to pay a Securities 
Transaction Tax (STT) at the rate of 0.1% of the transaction value of the securities, if the transaction is a delivery 
based transaction, i.e. the transaction involves actual delivery or transfer of shares; (ii) the seller of the shares is 
required to pay a STT at the rate of 0.025% of the transaction value of the securities if the transaction is a non-delivery 
based transaction, i.e. a transaction settled without taking delivery of the shares. STT is leviable with respect to a sale 
and purchase of a derivative and the rates of STT as applicable effective June 1, 2016 is as follows: (i) in case of sale 
of an option in securities, the seller is required to pay an STT at the rate of 0.05% of the option premium;  (ii) in case 
of a sale of an option in securities, where the option is exercised, the buyer is required to pay a STT at the rate of 
0.125% of the settlement price; and (iii) in case of sale of futures in securities, the seller is required to pay STT at 
0.01% on transaction value. Further, effective April 1, 2023, STT on sale and purchase of a derivative is as follows:  
(i) in case of sale of an option in securities, the seller is required to pay an STT at the rate of 0.0625% of the option 
premium;  (ii) in case of a sale of an option in securities, where the option is exercised, the buyer is required to pay a 
STT at the rate of 0.125% of the settlement price; and (iii) in case of sale of futures in securities, the seller is required 
to pay STT at 0.0125% on transaction value.
 
Any resulting taxes on capital gains arising out of such transaction may be offset by the applicable credit mechanism 
allowed under double tax avoidance agreements. The capital gains tax is computed by applying the appropriate tax 
rates to the difference between the sale price and the purchase price of the ADSs or equity shares. Under the Scheme, 
the purchase price of equity shares in an Indian listed company received in exchange for ADSs will be the market 
price of the underlying shares on the date that the Depositary gives notice to the custodian of the delivery of the equity 
shares in exchange for the corresponding ADSs, or the “stepped up” basis purchase price. The market price will be 
the price of the equity shares prevailing on the BSE or the NSE, as applicable.
There is no corresponding provision under the Income Tax Act in relation to the “stepped up” basis for the purchase 
price of equity shares. However, to the best of our knowledge, the tax department in India has not denied this benefit. 
In the event that the tax department denies this benefit, the original purchase price of ADSs would be considered the 
purchase price for computing the capital gains tax.
According to the Scheme, a non-resident holder’s holding period for the purposes of determining the applicable Indian 
capital gains tax rate relating to equity shares received in exchange for ADSs commences on the date of the notice of 
the redemption by the Depositary to the custodian. However, the Scheme does not address this issue in the case of 
resident employees, and it is therefore unclear when the holding period for the purposes of determining capital gains 
tax commences for such a resident employee. 
The Finance Act, 2017 has also introduced section 56(2)(x) in the Income Tax Act to include that following shall be 
chargeable to Income tax as “Income from other sources”:
Where any person receives, in any previous year, from any person or persons on or after April 1, 2017, amongst others, 
any shares or securities without consideration, the fair market value of which exceeds fifty thousand rupees, the whole 
of the fair market value of such shares or securities or for a consideration which is less than the fair market value of 
the shares or securities by an amount exceeding fifty thousand rupees, the fair market value of such shares or securities 
as exceeds such consideration. For this purpose, the fair market value is required to be computed as per prescribed 
taxation rules. Further, this provision is subject to certain specified exemptions, as an example, receipt of shares or 
securities from specified relatives, or pursuant to tax neutral mergers and demergers. It is unclear whether capital gains 
derived from the sale of subscription rights or other rights by a non-resident holder not entitled to an exemption under 
a tax treaty will be subject to Indian capital gains tax. If such subscription rights or other rights are deemed by the 
Indian tax authorities to be situated within India, the gains realized on the sale of such subscription rights or other 
rights will be subject to Indian taxation. The capital gains realized on the sale of such subscription rights or other 
rights, which will generally be in the nature of short-term capital gains, will be subject to tax at:
•a maximum rate of 40% as increased by the applicable surcharge and Health and education cess, in case 
of a foreign company, and
•a maximum rate of 30% as increased by the applicable surcharge and Health and education cess, in case 
of resident employees, and non-resident individuals with taxable income over ₹1,000,000.
Changes with respect to taxation of Specified Mutual Funds: Capital Gains arising on transfer of units of a 
‘Specified Mutual Fund’ (‘Specified Mutual Fund’ means a Mutual Fund by whatever name called, where not more 
than 35% of its total proceeds is invested in the equity shares of domestic companies) acquired before April 1, 2023 
shall be treated as short-term capital again or long-term capital gain depending on the period of holding of such units 
i.e. if the period of holding is more than 36 months then the gain from transfer of such units would be treated as long-
term capital gain and it would be treated as a short-term capital gain if the period of holding is upto 36 months. 
However, as per the Finance Act, 2023 a new section 50AA has been introduced wherein the capital gains arising on 
transfer of units of a Specified Mutual Fund acquired on or after the April 1, 2023 shall be deemed to be capital gains 
arising from transfer of short-term capital asset i.e., gain would be treated as short-term capital gains.
Withholding Tax on Capital Gains: Any taxable gain realized by a non-resident on the sale of ADSs or equity shares 
is to be withheld at the source by the buyer. According to section 196C of the Income Tax Act (“the Income Tax 
Act”), where any income by way of interest or dividends in respect of bonds or global depository receipts referred to 
in section 115AC of the Income Tax Act or by way of long-term capital gains arising from the transfer of such bonds  
or global depository receipts is payable to a non-resident, the person responsible for making the payment shall, at the 
time of credit of such income to the account of the payee or at the time of payment thereof by any other mode, 
whichever is earlier, deduct income tax thereon at the rate of ten per cent subject to any concession rate of tax provided 
as per Tax Treaty of respective countries read along with applicable MLI. The concessional tax rate benefit as per Tax 
Treaty would be available subject to providing various Tax forms including Tax Residency certificate by non-resident 
shareholders. However, as per the provisions of Section 196D (2) of the Income Tax Act, no withholding tax is 
required to be deducted from any income by way of capital gains arising to Foreign Institutional Investors (FPIs) as 
defined in Section 115AD of the Income Tax Act on the transfer of securities defined in Section 115AD of the Income 
Tax Act.
Buyback of Securities. Before July 5, 2019, Indian listed companies were not subject to any tax on the buyback of 
their shares. However, shareholders will be taxed on any resulting gains. In case of resident shareholders in absence 
of any specific provision under the Income Tax Act, the Company is not required to deduct tax on the consideration 
payable to resident shareholders pursuant to a buyback. In the case of non-resident FPIs, section 196D (2) of the 
Income Tax Act provides for specific exemption from withholding tax. Thus, no withholding of tax is required in case 
of consideration payable to FPIs. In case other than FPIs, Indian companies would be required to deduct tax at source 
(including applicable surcharge and Health and education cess) on any sum chargeable to tax under section 195(1) of 
the Income Tax Act. Subject to regulations in this regard, wherever applicable and it is required to do so, tax at source 
(including applicable surcharge and Health and education cess) shall be deducted at appropriate rates as per the Income 
Tax Act. In doing this, the Company will be guided by generally followed practices and make use of data available in 
its records except in cases where the non-resident shareholders provide a specific mandate in this regard. Since the 
buyback is through the recognized stock exchanges in India, the responsibility of discharge of the tax due on the gains 
(if any) is primarily on the non-resident shareholder given that practically it is very difficult to withhold taxes. It is 
therefore important for the non-resident shareholders to suitably compute such gains (if any) on this transaction and 
immediately pay taxes in India in consultation with their custodians, authorized dealers and/or tax advisors, as 
appropriate. 
On July 5, 2019, the Finance Act (No 2) 2019 extended the buy-back Tax to shares of listed company under section 
115QA of the Income Tax Act.  
A summary of Indian income tax implications on the buyback of listed equity shares on a recognized stock exchange 
in India, for which public announcement has been made after July 5, 2019, in accordance with the provisions of the 
SEBI, is set out below. All references to equity shares herein refer to listed equity shares unless stated otherwise.
Taxation for buyback of equity shares –
a. Finance Act (No 2) 2019 with effect from July 5, 2019, has amended section 115QA of the Income 
Tax Act, thereby extending its scope to levy additional income tax on the buyback of shares by 
Indian listed companies. Further, Taxation Law (Amendment) Act 2019 provided that the tax on the 
buyback of shares would not apply to such buyback of shares (being the shares listed on a recognized 
stock exchange), in respect of which public announcement has been made on or before July 5, 2019, 
in accordance with the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of 
Securities) Regulations, 2018 made under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 
(15 of 1992. Consequent to this change, all domestic companies are subject to tax on the buyback 
of shares at the rate of 23.296% (including surcharge of 12% and Health and Education cess of 4%).
b. As a result of the above tax on the buyback of shares, an income tax exemption to shareholders 
under section 10(34A) of the Income Tax Act, is provided.
c. The statutory obligation of the non-resident shareholder to pay tax dues on gains (if any) in the 
country in which they are a tax resident is separate and independent from the statutory obligation of 
the Company for taxes on buyback. Shareholders should consult his, her or its own tax advisor 
regarding the tax treatment or tax obligation, if any.
 
Any Buyback undertaken on the NSE / BSE, is chargeable to the Securities Transaction Tax (“STT”). STT is a tax 
payable in India on the value of securities on every purchase or sale of specified securities that are listed on the 
recognized stock exchanges in India. Since October 1, 2004, with respect to a sale and purchase of equity shares 
entered into on a recognized stock exchange in India, (i) both the buyer and seller are required to pay a STT at the rate  
of 0.1% of the transaction value of the securities, if the transaction is a delivery based transaction, i.e. the transaction 
involves actual delivery or transfer of shares; (ii) the seller of the shares is required to pay a STT at the rate of 0.025% 
of the transaction value of the securities if the transaction is a non-delivery based transaction, i.e. a transaction settled 
without taking delivery of the shares.
 
Taxation for American Depositary Shares (ADSs) Holders:  ADS holders with underlying equity shares, consequent 
to withdrawal of such equity shares may participate in a buyback by selling equity shares on Indian stock exchanges.
 
There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares offered by an ADS holder in a buyback will be accepted as such 
withdrawal of underlying equity shares is subject to the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and 
regulations framed thereunder, if any, the Income Tax Act, and rules and regulations framed thereunder, the 
Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014, as applicable and other applicable approvals from the Reserve Bank of India. 
ADS holders are advised to consult their legal, financial and tax advisors for advice prior to participating in a buyback, 
including advice related to any related regulatory approvals and tax issues.
A. The following is the brief summary of income tax implications on withdrawal and re-deposit of Equity Shares:
(i) While there are arguments in favour that conversion of ADS into shares should not be subject to capital 
gains tax, this view is not free from doubt as law is not very clear on this aspect.
(ii) The shares which would not be accepted by the Company in a buyback could get reconverted into ADS. 
As far as taxability of such reconversion is concerned, there are two possible views i.e., whether such 
reconversion of shares into ADS is a taxable transfer and accordingly would attract capital gains tax or 
vice versa. While there are arguments supporting both the views, the view that such reconversion is not a 
taxable transfer may be construed to be a better view.
 
B. Income tax implications in respect of sale of equity shares received upon withdrawal on account of buyback i.e. 
pursuant to conversion of ADS into equity shares:
(i) Finance Act (No 2) 2019 with effect from July 5, 2019, has amended section 115QA of the Income Tax 
Act, 1961 thereby extending its scope to levy additional income tax on buyback of shares by Indian listed 
company in respect of which public announcement has been made after July 5, 2019, in accordance with 
the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018 
made under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (15 of 1992). Consequent to this 
change, all domestic companies are subject to tax on the buyback of shares at the rate of 23.296% 
(including surcharge of 12% and Health and Education cess of 4%).
(ii) As a result of above tax on buyback of shares, an income tax exemption to shareholders under section 
10(34A) of the Income Tax Act, is provided.
(iii) The statutory obligation of the non-resident shareholder to pay tax dues on gains (if any) in the country 
in which they are tax resident is a separate and independent from the statutory obligation of the Company 
to taxes on buyback. Shareholders should consult his, her or its own tax advisor regarding the tax treatment 
or tax obligation, if any.
 
Stamp Duty and Transfer Tax. A transfer of ADSs is not subject to Indian stamp duty. A sale of equity shares in 
physical form by a non-resident holder will be subject to Indian stamp duty at the rate of 0.015% of the market value 
of the equity shares on the trade date, although customarily such tax is borne by the transferee. Shares must be traded 
in dematerialized form. 
As per the Finance Act 2019, stamp duty is chargeable on the transfer of shares in dematerialized form. The rate in 
such case shall be 0.015% of the total market value of the shares, as defined under the framework, in case transfer is 
made on delivery basis and 0.003% in case transfer is made on non-delivery basis. This provision is applicable from 
July 1, 2020.  
Goods and Service Tax. Brokerage or commission paid to stockbrokers in connection with the sale or purchase of 
shares is subject to GST of 18% effective July 1, 2017. The stockbroker is responsible for collecting the GST from 
the shareholder and paying it to the relevant authority. In erstwhile service tax regime, the service tax rate was 15% 
inclusive of all cess.
Material U.S. Federal Income and Estate Tax Consequences
The following is a summary of the material U.S. federal income and estate tax consequences that may be relevant with 
respect to the ownership and disposition of equity shares or ADSs (including pursuant to buyback of equity shares by 
the company (a “buyback”)) and is for general information only. This summary addresses the U.S. federal income and 
estate tax considerations of holders that are U.S. holders. U.S. holders are beneficial holders of equity shares or ADSs 
who are individuals who are citizens or residents of the United States; corporations (or other entities treated as 
corporations for U.S. federal tax purposes) created in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof (or 
the District of Columbia); estates, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its 
source, and trusts for which a U.S. court exercises primary supervision and a U.S. person has the authority to control 
all substantial decisions or that has a valid election under applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. 
person. This summary is limited to U.S. holders who will hold equity shares or ADSs as capital assets for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes (generally for investment). In addition, this summary is limited to U.S. holders who are not 
resident in India for purposes of the Convention between the Government of the United States and the Government of 
the Republic of India for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to 
Taxes on Income (the “Treaty”). If a partnership, including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, holds the equity shares or ADSs, the tax treatment of a partner will generally depend upon the status of 
the partner and upon the activities of the partnership. A partner in a partnership holding equity shares or ADSs should 
consult his, her or its own tax advisor regarding the tax treatment of an investment in the equity shares or ADSs.
This summary does not address tax considerations applicable to holders that may be subject to special tax rules, such 
as banks, insurance companies, financial institutions, dealers in securities or currencies, tax-exempt entities, persons 
that will hold equity shares or ADSs as a position in a ‘straddle’ or as part of a ‘hedging’ or ‘conversion’ transaction 
for tax purposes, persons that have a ‘functional currency’ other than the U.S. dollar or holders of 10% or more, by 
voting power or value, of the shares of our company. This summary is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended and as in effect on the date of this Annual Report on Form 20-F and on U.S. Treasury Regulations in 
effect or, in some cases, proposed, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 20-F, as well as judicial and 
administrative interpretations thereof available on or before such date, and is based in part on the assumption that each 
obligation in the deposit agreement and any related agreement will be performed in accordance with its terms. 
All of the foregoing are subject to change, which change could apply retroactively, or the Internal Revenue Service 
may interpret existing authorities differently, and a court may sustain such an interpretation any of which could affect 
the tax consequences described below. This summary does not address U.S. federal tax laws other than income or 
estate tax or any U.S. state or local or non-U.S. tax laws.
EACH INVESTOR OR PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR SHOULD CONSULT HIS, HER OR ITS OWN TAX 
ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND NON-U.S. TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF ACQUIRING, OWNING OR DISPOSING OF EQUITY SHARES OR ADSs.
Ownership of ADSs. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, holders of ADSs will generally be treated as the holders 
of equity shares represented by such ADSs.
Dividends. Subject to the passive foreign investment company rules described below, the gross amount of any 
distributions of cash (or the fair market value of any other property) with respect to ADSs or equity shares (before 
reduction for any Indian withholding taxes) generally will be included in income by a U.S. holder as ordinary dividend 
income at the time of receipt, which in the case of a U.S. holder of ADSs generally should be the date of receipt by 
the Depositary, to the extent such distributions are made from the current or accumulated earnings and profits (as 
determined under U.S. federal income tax principles) of our company. We do not expect to keep earnings and profits 
in accordance with U.S. federal income tax principles; therefore, U.S. holders should expect that a distribution will 
generally be treated as a dividend. Such dividends will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction generally  
allowed to corporate U.S. holders. To the extent, if any, that the amount of any distribution by our company exceeds 
our company’s current and accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles) 
such excess will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital to the extent of the U.S. holder’s tax basis in the equity 
shares or ADSs, and thereafter as capital gain. Subject to certain limitations, dividends paid to non-corporate U.S. 
holders, including individuals, may be eligible for a reduced rate of taxation if we are deemed to be a ‘qualified foreign 
corporation’ for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A qualified foreign corporation includes a foreign corporation if 
(1) its shares (or, according to legislative history, its ADSs) are readily tradable on an established securities market in 
the United States or (2) it is eligible for the benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty with the United States. 
In addition, a corporation is not a qualified foreign corporation if it is or has been a passive foreign investment 
company (as discussed below) for the taxable year in which the dividend is paid or in the preceding taxable year. The 
ADSs are traded on the NYSE. Due to the absence of specific statutory provisions addressing ADSs, however, there 
can be no assurance that we are a qualified foreign corporation solely as a result of our listing on NYSE. In addition, 
it is unclear whether our shares will be considered readily tradeable for this purpose. Nonetheless, we may be eligible 
for benefits under the Treaty. Each U.S. holder should consult its own tax advisor regarding the treatment of dividends 
and such holder’s eligibility for a reduced rate of taxation.
Subject to certain conditions and limitations, any Indian withholding tax imposed upon distributions paid to a U.S. 
holder with respect to ADSs or equity shares should be eligible for credit against the U.S. holder’s federal income tax 
liability. Alternatively, a U.S. holder may claim a deduction for such amount, but only for a year in which a U.S. 
holder does not claim a U.S. foreign tax credit with respect to any foreign income taxes. The overall limitation on 
foreign taxes eligible for credit is calculated separately with respect to specific classes of income. For this purpose, 
distributions on ADSs or ordinary shares generally will be foreign source income for purposes of computing the U.S. 
foreign tax credit allowable to a U.S. holder. The rules governing U.S. foreign tax credits are very complex and each 
U.S. holder should consult its own tax advisor regarding the availability of foreign tax credits under such holder’s 
particular circumstances.
If dividends are paid in Indian rupees, the amount of the dividend distribution included in the income of a U.S. holder 
will be in the U.S. dollar value of the payments made in Indian rupees, determined at a spot exchange rate between 
Indian rupees and U.S. dollars on the date such dividend is included in the income of the U.S. holder, regardless of 
whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Generally, gain or loss, if any, resulting from currency 
exchange fluctuations during the period from the date the dividend is paid to the date such payment is converted into 
U.S. dollars will be treated as U.S. source ordinary income or loss.
 
EACH PROSPECTIVE PARTICIPANT IN A COMPANY BUYBACK SHOULD CONSULT HIS, HER OR 
ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL AND NON-U.S. 
TAX CONSEQUENCES OF PARTICIPATING IN THE BUYBACK.
Ownership of ADSs. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. holders generally will be treated as the owners of 
equity shares represented by such ADSs. Accordingly, the conversion of ADSs into equity shares to participate in the 
buyback, and the conversion of equity shares that are not tendered in the buyback, or if tendered, are not accepted in 
the buyback, into ADSs generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax.
Tax Treatment of a Buyback. An exchange of equity shares for cash by a U.S. holder pursuant to a buyback will be 
a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such case, depending on the applicable U.S. holder’s 
particular circumstances, such tendering U.S. holder will be treated either as recognizing gain or loss from the 
disposition of the equity shares or as receiving a distribution from the Company.
Under Section 302 of the Internal Revenue Code, a tendering U.S. holder will recognize gain or loss on the exchange 
of equity shares for cash if the exchange:
•results in a “substantially disproportionate” redemption with respect to such U.S. holder; or
•is “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” with respect to the U.S. holder.
An exchange of equity shares for cash generally will be a substantially disproportionate redemption with respect to a 
U.S. holder if the percentage of the voting stock owned by such U.S. holder immediately after the exchange is less 
than 80% of the percentage of the voting stock owned by such U.S. holder immediately before the exchange and after 
the exchange the U.S. holder owns less than 50% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to  
vote. In applying the Section 302 tests, each U.S. holder must take into account equity shares and ADSs that such U.S. 
holder constructively owns under certain attribution rules, pursuant to which a U.S. holder will be treated as owning 
any equity shares and ADSs owned by certain family members (which family attribution, in certain circumstances, 
may be waived) and related entities, and Equity Shares and ADSs that the U.S. holder has the right to acquire by 
exercise of an option. Each U.S. holder is expected to consult with its own tax advisor with respect to the application 
of such attribution rules given such U.S. holder’s particular circumstances.
If an exchange of Equity Shares for cash fails to satisfy the “substantially disproportionate” test, the U.S. holder may 
nonetheless satisfy the “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” test. An exchange of Equity Shares for cash will 
satisfy the “not essentially equivalent to a dividend” test if it results in a “meaningful reduction” of the U.S. holder’s 
equity interest in the company given such U.S. holder’s particular facts and circumstances. The Internal Revenue 
Service (the “IRS”) has indicated in published rulings that a relatively minor reduction of the proportionate equity 
interest of a U.S. holder whose relative equity interest is minimal and who does not exercise any control over or 
participate in the management of corporate affairs should be treated as “not essentially equivalent to a dividend.” Each 
U.S. holder should consult its tax advisors regarding the application of the rules of Section 302 in its circumstances. 
Because the Section 302 tests are applied on a stockholder by stockholder basis, a buyback may be a sale or exchange 
for certain U.S. holders and a distribution for others.
Distribution: If a U.S. holder is not treated under the Section 302 tests as recognizing gain or loss on an exchange of 
equity shares for cash, such U.S. holder will be treated as having received a distribution from the Company. The gross 
amount of the distribution will generally be treated as dividend income to the extent made from the current or 
accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles) of the Company. Such 
dividends will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction generally allowed to corporate U.S. holders. To the 
extent, if any, that the amount of a buyback exceeds the Company’s current and accumulated earnings and profits as 
determined under U.S. federal income tax principles, such excess will be treated first as a tax-free return of the U.S. 
holder’s tax basis in the equity shares and thereafter as capital gain.
The Company does not intend to calculate its earnings and profits according to U.S. tax accounting principles.
Subject to certain conditions and limitations, including the Passive Foreign Investment Company ("PFIC") rules 
described below, dividends paid to non-corporate U.S. holders, including individuals, may be eligible for a reduced 
rate of taxation if the Company is deemed to be a “qualified foreign corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
A qualified foreign corporation includes a foreign corporation if (1) its shares are readily tradable on an established 
securities market in the United States, or (2) it is eligible for the benefits under a comprehensive income tax treaty 
with the United States, including the Treaty. Based on existing guidance, it is not clear whether a dividend on an equity 
share will be treated as a qualified dividend, because the equity shares are not themselves listed on a U.S. exchange. 
However, the Company may be eligible for benefits under the Treaty. A corporation is not a qualified foreign 
corporation if it is a PFIC in the current taxable year or the prior taxable year (as discussed below).
EACH U.S. HOLDER SHOULD CONSULT HIS, HER OR ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR REGARDING THE 
TREATMENT OF DIVIDENDS AND SUCH HOLDER’S ELIGIBILITY FOR REDUCED RATE OF 
TAXATION UNDER THE LAW IN EFFECT FOR THE YEAR OF THE DIVIDEND AND WHETHER ANY 
FOREIGN TAX CREDITS ARE AVAILABLE TO IT IN RESPECT OF INDIAN WITHHOLDING TAX, IF 
ANY.
 
Sale or exchange of equity shares or ADSs. Subject to the passive foreign investment company rules described 
below, a U.S. holder generally will recognize gain or loss on the sale or exchange of equity shares or ADSs equal to 
the difference between the amount realized on such sale or exchange and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the 
equity shares or ADSs, as the case may be. Such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital 
gain or loss if the equity shares or ADSs, as the case may be, were held for more than one year. Furthermore, any such 
gain or loss recognized by a U.S. holder generally will be treated as U.S. source passive category income or loss for 
U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. The sale of equity shares or ADSs by a U.S. holder may be subject to certain taxes 
in India. See the section titled “Taxation - Indian Taxation - Taxation of Capital Gains” in Item 10 of this Annual 
Report for additional information Due to limitations on the use of foreign tax credits, however, a U.S. holder may not 
be able to utilize such taxes as a credit against the U.S. holder’s federal income tax liability resulting from such sale.
Estate taxes. An individual U.S. holder will have the value of the equity shares or ADSs held by such holder included 
in his or her gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax purposes. An individual holder who actually pays Indian estate tax  
with respect to the equity shares may, however, be entitled to credit the amount of such tax against his or her U.S. 
federal estate tax liability, subject to a number of conditions and limitations.
Additional Tax on Investment Income. U.S. holders that are individuals, estates or trusts and whose income exceeds 
certain thresholds are subject to a 3.8% tax on certain net investment income, including, among other things, dividends 
on, and capital gains from the sale or other taxable disposition of, equity shares or ADSs, subject to certain limitations 
and exceptions.
Backup withholding tax and information reporting requirements. Any dividends paid on, or proceeds from a sale 
of, equity shares or ADSs to or by a U.S. holder may be subject to U.S. information reporting, and a backup 
withholding tax may apply unless the holder is an exempt recipient or provides a U.S. taxpayer identification number 
and certifies under penalty of perjury that such number is correct and that such holder is not subject to backup 
withholding and otherwise complies with any applicable backup withholding requirements. Any amount withheld 
under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or credit against the holder’s U.S. federal income tax 
liability, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.
Certain U.S. holders are required to report information with respect to their investment in equity shares or ADSs not 
held through a custodial account with a U.S. financial institution on Internal Revenue Service Form 8938, which must 
be attached to the U.S. holder’s annual income tax return. Investors who fail to report the required information could 
become subject to substantial penalties. Each U.S. holder should consult his, her or its own tax advisor concerning its 
obligation to file Internal Revenue Service Form 8938.
Passive foreign investment company. A non-U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a passive foreign 
investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes if either:
•75% or more of its gross income for the taxable year is passive income; or
•on average for the taxable year, 50% or more of the value of its assets (as of the end of each quarter of its 
taxable year) is attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income.
We do not believe that we satisfy either of the tests for passive foreign investment company status for Fiscal 2023. 
Because this determination is made on an annual basis, however, no assurance can be given that we will not be 
considered a passive foreign investment company in future taxable years. If we were to be a passive foreign investment 
company for any taxable year, U.S. holders:
•may be required to pay an interest charge together with tax calculated at ordinary income rates on ‘excess 
distributions,’ as the term is defined in relevant provisions of the U.S. tax laws and on any gain on a sale 
or other disposition of equity shares;
•would be able to avoid the ‘excess distribution’ rules described above by making a “qualified electing 
fund election” (as the term is defined in relevant provisions of the U.S. tax laws) and including in their 
taxable income their pro-rata share of undistributed amounts of our income, however we do not plan to 
provide information necessary for U.S. holders to make a ‘qualified electing fund’ election; or
•may avoid the ‘excess distribution’ rules described above if the applicable equity shares or ADSs are 
‘marketable’ by making a mark-to-market election, in which case the U.S. holder must mark-to-market 
the equity shares or ADSs each taxable year and recognize ordinary gain and, to the extent of prior 
ordinary gain, ordinary loss for the increase or decrease in market value for such taxable year. Our ADSs 
are traded on the NYSE and our equity shares are traded on the Indian stock exchanges. As such, a U.S. 
holder may be able to make a mark-to-market election with respect to our ADSs or equity shares; and
•will generally be subject to additional annual return requirements and may be required to file Internal 
Revenue Service Form 8621, unless certain exemptions apply.
THE ABOVE SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF EQUITY SHARES 
OR ADSs AND PARTICIPATION IN A COMPANY BUYBACK OF EQUITY SHARES. YOU SHOULD 
CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR CONCERNING THE RELEVANT TAX CONSEQUENCES TO 
YOU BASED ON YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION, AS WELL AS ANY ADDITIONAL TAX 
CONSEQUENCES RESULTING FROM PARTICIPATION IN A BUYBACK, INCLUDING THE  
APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF THE TAX LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. 
JURISDICTION AND ANY ESTATE, GIFT AND INHERITANCE LAWS.
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY
The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other 
information regarding registrants that make electronic filings with the SEC using its EDGAR system.
Our website is located at www.infosys.com, and our investor relations website is located at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/. This report filed with the SEC can be found on the Company’s investor relations 
website.
Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
This information is set forth under the section titled ‘Operating and Financial Review and Prospects’ is as set out 
above in this Annual Report on Form 20-F and such information is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12. Description of Securities Other Than Equity Securities 
The fees and charges payable by holders of our ADSs include the following:
i. a fee not in excess of U.S.$0.05 per ADS is charged for each issuance of ADSs including issuances 
resulting from distributions of shares, share splits, and rights distributions;
ii. a fee not in excess of U.S.$0.05 per ADS is charged for each surrender of ADSs in exchange for the 
underlying deposited securities;
iii. a fee not in excess of U.S.$0.01 per ADS for each cash distribution; 
iv. a fee not in excess of U.S.$0.01 per ADS is charged for each stock dividend or other free/bonus distribution 
of the underlying deposited securities distributed in the form of ADSs;
v. an annual fee not in excess of U.S.$0.02 per ADS for the operation and maintenance costs in administering 
the ADSs; and 
vi. a fee for the distribution of the deposited securities pursuant to the deposit agreement, such fee being an 
amount equal to the fee for the execution and delivery of ADSs referred to in item (i) above which would 
have been charged as a result of the deposit of such securities, which were instead distributed by the 
depositary to ADS holders.
Additionally, under the terms of our deposit agreement, the depositary is entitled to charge each registered holder the 
following:
i. taxes and other governmental charges incurred by the depositary or the custodian on any ADS or an equity 
share underlying an ADS;
ii. transfer or registration fees for the registration or transfer of deposited securities on any applicable register 
in connection with the deposit or withdrawal of deposited securities, including those of a central depository 
for securities (where applicable);
iii. any cable, telex, facsimile transmission and delivery expenses incurred by the depositary; 
iv. customary expenses incurred by the depositary in the conversion of foreign currency, including, without 
limitation, expenses incurred on behalf of registered holders in connection with compliance with foreign 
exchange control restrictions and other applicable regulatory requirements;
v. fees and expenses of the depositary incurred in connection with compliance with regulatory requirements 
applicable to ADSs or the underlying deposited securities; and
vi. fees and expenses incurred by the depositary or its agents in connection with the servicing of the ADSs or 
the underlying deposited securities, the sale of securities, the delivery of the underlying deposited securities 
or otherwise in connection with the depositary's or the custodian's compliance with applicable laws, rules 
or regulations.
In the case of cash distributions, fees are generally deducted from the cash being distributed. Other fees may be 
collected from holders of ADSs in a manner determined by the depositary with respect to ADSs registered in the name 
of investors (whether certificated or in book-entry form) and ADSs held in brokerage and custodian accounts (via 
DTC). In the case of distributions other than cash (i.e., stock dividends.), the depositary charges the applicable ADS  
record date holder concurrent with the distribution. In the case of ADSs registered in the name of the investor (whether 
certificated or in book-entry form), the depositary sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders.
If any tax or other governmental charge is payable by the holders and / or beneficial owners of ADSs to the depositary, 
the depositary, the custodian or we may withhold or deduct from any distributions made in respect of deposited 
securities and may sell for the account of the holder and / or beneficial owner any or all of the deposited securities and 
apply such distributions and sale proceeds in payment of such taxes (including applicable interest and penalties) or 
charges, with the holder and the beneficial owner thereof remaining fully liable for any deficiency.
Fees and other payments made by the depositary
During fiscal 2023, expenses aggregating approximately $180,733 were incurred by the Depositary in relation to our 
ADS program, including approximately:
•$168,757 towards payment made to proxy processing firms for mailing the notice, proxy card and other 
interim communications to ADS holders or their brokers including dividend re-investment and transfer 
fees.
•$11,976 towards payments made to Ipreo for weekly and monthly Market intelligence ADR Reports.
For the year ended March 31, 2023, the Depositary has made payments to Infosys totaling to approximately $8.4 
million (post deduction of withholding tax) which we may use for investor relations activities related to the ADR 
program, including the production of annual reports and Form 20-F filings, listing fees, road shows, investor targeting, 
peer analysis, perception studies, postage for mailing annual and interim reports and other communications to ADR 
holders, broker conferences, analyst events, etc. Under certain circumstances, including termination of our ADS 
program or removal of our Depositary, we may be required to repay to the Depositary a portion of the amounts 
reimbursed in prior periods. 
Part II
Item 13. Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies
None.
Item 14. Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders and Use of Proceeds
None.
Item 15. Controls and Procedures
DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 20-F, our management, with the participation of 
our CEO and CFO, has carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as 
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
“Exchange Act”), at March 31, 2023. The term “disclosure controls and procedures” means controls and other 
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under 
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the rules and 
forms of the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed 
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act 
is accumulated and communicated to management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely 
decisions regarding our required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, 
management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can only 
provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 20-F, our CEO and CFO 
have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the 
information required to be disclosed in filings and submissions under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, 
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC’s rules and forms, and that material 
information related to us and our consolidated subsidiaries is accumulated and communicated to management, 
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions about 
required disclosure.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as 
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a 
process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as issued by 
the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). Our internal control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that:
•pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions 
and dispositions of our assets;
•provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB, and that our receipts and expenditures are being 
made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and
•provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or 
disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. In 
conducting its assessment of internal control over financial reporting, management based its evaluation on the Internal 
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission (COSO). Based on the assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial 
reporting was effective as of March 31, 2023.
Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP, has audited the consolidated 
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 20-F, and as part of their audit, has issued their report, 
included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited 
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Infosys Limited (the “Company”) and subsidiaries 
(the “Group”) as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”). In our opinion, the 
Group maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, 
based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (“PCAOB”), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2023, of the Group 
and our report dated June 15, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
Basis for Opinion 
The Group’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its 
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying 
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion 
on the Group’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered 
with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Group in accordance with the U.S. federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was 
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial 
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating 
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered 
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those 
policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly 
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that 
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance 
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding 
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have 
a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become 
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may 
deteriorate.
/s/Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Bengaluru, India
June 15, 2023 
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING
During the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 20-F, there were no changes in our internal control over 
financial reporting that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over 
financial reporting.
Item 16A. Audit Committee Financial Expert
Mr. Bobby Parikh is a member of our Board and is a member of its Audit Committee and its Chairperson. Mr. D. 
Sundaram is a member of our Board and is a member of its Audit Committee. Mr. Parikh and Mr. Sundaram are  each 
an “Audit Committee Financial Expert” as defined in Item 16A of Form 20-F and an independent director under 
applicable NYSE rules and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act.
Item 16B. Code of Ethics
On October 13, 2021, our Board adopted the revised Code of Conduct and Ethics which is applicable to all officers, 
directors and employees, the copy of which is available for downloading free of cost from our website at 
https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-governance/documents/codeofconduct.pdf. The Code of Conduct and 
Ethics has been previously filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 20-F.
Our Whistleblower Policy has been filed previously as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 20-F. The 
Whistleblower Policy is posted on our website at https://www.infosys.com/investors/corporate-
governance/Documents/whistleblower-policy.pdf.
Item 16C. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
The following table sets forth fees for professional audit services for the audit of our annual financial statements, and 
fees for other services rendered by our principal accountant and their associated entities for fiscal 2023 and 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Type of Service Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Description of Services
(a) Audit Fees 2.6 2.4 Audit and review of financial statements
(b) Tax Fees 0.5 0.4 Tax returns, filing and advisory services
(c) All Other Fees 0.1 0.1 Other advisory services
Total 3.2 2.9
Our Audit Committee charter requires us to take the prior approval of our Audit Committee on every occasion we 
engage our principal accountants or their associated entities to provide us any audit and non-audit services. We 
disclose to our Audit Committee the nature of services that will be provided and the fees to be paid for the services. 
The audit and non-audit services provided by our principal accountants or their associated entities in the previous two 
fiscal years have been pre-approved by our Audit Committee.
Item 16D. Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees
Not applicable.
Item 16E. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers
Buyback completed in February 2023
The shareholders, through a special resolution passed through postal ballot concluded on December 2, 2022, the results 
of which were declared on December 3, 2022, had approved the proposal of the Company to buyback from the open 
market through Indian stock exchanges its own fully paid-up equity shares of face value of ₹5/- each payable in cash, 
for an amount aggregating up to ₹9,300 crore (maximum buyback size, excluding buyback tax) at a price not exceeding 
₹1,850/- per equity share. The buyback was offered to all equity shareholders of the Company (other than the 
Promoters, the Promoter Group and Persons in Control of the Company) under the open market route through Indian 
stock exchanges. The buyback of equity shares through Indian stock exchanges commenced on December 7, 2022 and  
was completed on February 13, 2023. During this buyback period, the Company purchased and extinguished a total 
of 60,426,348 equity shares from the stock exchange at a volume weighted average buyback price of ₹1,539.06/- per 
equity share comprising 1.44% of the pre buyback paid-up equity share capital of the Company. The buyback resulted 
in a cash outflow of ₹9,300 crore (excluding transaction costs and tax on buyback) ($1,130 million). The Company 
funded the buyback from its free reserves including Securities Premium as explained in Section 68 of the Companies 
Act, 2013.
Following is the summary of the buyback completed in fiscal 2023:
Period(a)Total number
of shares
purchased(b)Average price
paid per share
(in INR)(c)Total number
of shares
purchased 
as part of publicly
announced
buyback(d)Maximum
number
of shares that
may yet to be
purchased under
the buyback
December 7, 2022 to December 31, 
202225,164,000 1,536.18 25,164,000 NA
January 1, 2023 to January 31, 2023 26,206,500 1,529.03 26,206,500 NA
February 1, 2023 to February 10, 2023 9,055,848 1,576.12 9,055,848 NA
Total 60,426,348 1,539.06* 60,426,348 —
* Represents price for the period between December 7, 2022 to February 10, 2023.
Buyback completed in September 2021
The shareholders approved the proposal of the buyback of equity shares in the Annual General meeting held on June 
19, 2021, from the open market route through Indian stock exchanges of up to ₹9,200 crore (maximum buyback size) 
at a price not exceeding ₹1,750/- per share. The buyback was offered to all equity shareholders of the Company (other 
than the Promoters, the Promoter Group and Persons in Control of the Company) under the open market route through 
Indian stock exchanges. The buyback of equity shares through Indian stock exchanges commenced on June 25, 2021 
and was completed on September 8, 2021. During this buyback period, the Company purchased and extinguished a 
total of 55,807,337 equity shares from the stock exchange at a volume weighted average buyback price of ₹1,648.53/- 
per equity share comprising 1.31% of the pre buyback paid-up equity share capital of the Company. The buyback 
resulted in a cash outflow of ₹9,200 crore (excluding transaction costs and tax on buyback) ($1,243 million). The 
Company funded the buyback from its free reserves including Securities Premium as explained in Section 68 of the 
Companies Act, 2013.
Following is the summary of the buyback completed in fiscal 2022:
Period(a)Total number
of shares
purchased(b)Average price
paid per share
(in INR)(c)Total number
of shares
purchased 
as part of 
publicly
announced
buyback(d)Maximum
number
of shares that
may yet to be
purchased under
the buyback
June 25, 2021 to June 30, 2021 4,390,000 1,571.54 4,390,000 NA
July 1, 2021 to July 30, 2021 18,443,000 1,579.31 18,443,000 NA
August 2, 2021 to August 31, 2021 30,181,465 1,698.39 30,181,465 NA
September 1, 2021 to September 6, 
20212,792,872 1,687.84 2,792,872 NA
Total 55,807,337 1,648.53* 55,807,337 —
* Represents price for the period between June 25, 2021 to September 6, 2021.
Item 16F. Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant 
Not applicable. 
Item 16G. Corporate Governance
Section 303A of the Listed Company Manual of the NYSE provides that a foreign private issuer may follow its home 
country practice in lieu of the requirements of Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, provided that 
such foreign private issuer must:
1. have an Audit Committee that satisfies the requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934;
2. disclose any significant ways in which its corporate governance practices differ from those followed by 
domestic companies under NYSE listing standards in its annual reports filed with the SEC on Form 20-F;
3. promptly notify the NYSE of non-compliance with Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual; 
and
4. comply with the NYSE’s annual and interim certification requirements.
Although the Company’s required home country standards on corporate governance may differ from the NYSE listing 
standards, the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices are generally in compliance with the NYSE 
listing standards applicable to domestic companies.
Some of the key differences between the requirements in India as per the currently applicable listing regulations and 
those as per the NYSE Listing requirements are as follows:
1. The SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 as amended (SEBI 
LODR) mandates that for a company with a non-executive Chairman, such as our Company, at least one-
third of the board should be independent directors. On the other hand, NYSE listing requirements specify 
that a majority of the Board must consist of independent directors. As of March 31, 2023, the Board had 
eight members, one of who is an executive director, a non-executive and non-independent Chairman and 
six independent directors.
2. The SEBI LODR requires that two-thirds of the members of the Audit Committee be independent directors 
while the NYSE Listed Company Manual specifies that all the members of the Audit Committee must be 
independent directors. Our Audit Committee consists only of independent directors.
3. The SEBI LODR requires that at least one director shall be a woman director and the board of directors of 
the top 500 listed entities shall have at least one independent woman director by April 1, 2019. Further 
SEBI LODR required, effective April 1, 2020, the board of directors of the top 1,000 listed companies shall 
have at least one independent woman director. Infosys’ Board has one women independent director as of 
March 31, 2023.
4. Criteria for determining the independence of directors also differs between the NYSE listing standards and 
the SEBI LODR. However, we follow the criteria prescribed under both jurisdictions.
Under the Section 402.04 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, actively operating companies that maintain a listing 
on the NYSE are required to solicit proxies for all meetings of shareholders. However, Section 105 of the Indian 
Companies Act, 2013, prohibits a company incorporated under that Act from soliciting proxies. Because we are 
prohibited from soliciting proxies under Indian law, we will not meet the proxy solicitation requirement of Section 
402.04 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. However, as described above, we give written notices of all our 
shareholder meetings to all the shareholders and we also file such notices with the SEC. Under our listing agreements 
with Indian stock exchanges, we have a Stakeholders Relationship Committee which is not a requirement under the 
NYSE Listed Company Manual.
Item 16H. Mine Safety Disclosure
Not applicable. 
Item 16I. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not applicable.
Item 16J. Insider trading policies
Pursuant to applicable Securities and Exchange Commission transition guidance, the disclosure required by Item 16J 
will be applicable to the Company from the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024.
Part III
Item 17. Financial statements
See Item 18. 
Item 18. Financial statements
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Report of the Audit Committee 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Infosys Limited
In connection with the March 31, 2023, consolidated financial statements prepared under International Financial 
Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, the Audit Committee:
(1) reviewed and discussed the consolidated financial statements with management;
(2) discussed with the auditors the matters required by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board 
(PCAOB) 1301, as adopted by the PCAOB in Rule 3200; and
(3) received the written disclosures and the letter from the auditors required by applicable requirements of the 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the auditor’s communications with the audit 
Committee concerning independence and has discussed with the auditor the auditor’s independence.
Based upon these reviews and discussions, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the 
audited consolidated financial statements be included in the Annual Report on Form 20-F to be filed with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission of the United States of America.
Bengaluru, India 
June 15, 2023Bobby Parikh
Chairperson and Audit 
Committee Financial ExpertD. Sundaram
Member, Audit Committee and 
Financial Expert Michael Gibbs
Member, Audit Committee
Report of management 
The management is responsible for preparing the company's consolidated financial statements and related information 
that appears in this Annual Report. The management believes that the consolidated financial statements fairly reflect 
the form and substance of transactions, and reasonably present the financial condition and results of operations of 
Infosys Limited and subsidiaries in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board. The management has included, in the company's consolidated financial 
statements, amounts that are based on estimates and judgments, which it believes are reasonable under the 
circumstances.
The company maintains a system of internal procedures and controls intended to provide reasonable assurance, at 
appropriate cost, that transactions are executed in accordance with company authorization and are properly recorded 
and reported in the consolidated financial statements, and that assets are adequately safeguarded.
Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP have conducted their audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company 
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) of the Company's consolidated financial statements for the years ended 
March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022, and March 31, 2021.
The Board of Directors has appointed an Audit Committee composed of outside directors. The Committee meets with 
the management, internal auditors, and the independent auditors to review internal accounting controls and accounting, 
auditing, and financial reporting matters.
Bengaluru, India 
June 15, 2023Nilanjan Roy
Chief Financial OfficerSalil Parekh
Chief Executive officer 
and Managing Director 
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Infosys Limited 
Opinion on the Financial Statements 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Infosys Limited (the “Company”) and subsidiaries 
(the “Group”) as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes 
in equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes 
(collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial 
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Group as of March 31, 2023, and 2022, 
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31, 2023, in 
conformity with the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board (“IFRS”).
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (“PCAOB”), the Group's internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, based on criteria 
established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations 
of the Treadway Commission and our report dated June 15, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Group's 
internal control over financial reporting. 
Basis for Opinion 
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Group's management. Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion on the Group's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting 
firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Group in accordance with the 
U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and 
the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material 
misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that 
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and 
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used 
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated 
financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial 
statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to 
accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, 
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion 
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, 
providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
Revenue Recognition - Refer to Notes 1.5(a) and 2.11 to the consolidated financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
The Group’s contracts with customers include contracts with multiple products and services. The Group derives 
revenues from IT services comprising software development and related services, maintenance, consulting and 
package implementation, licensing of software products and platforms across the Group’s core and digital offerings 
and business process management services. The Group assesses the services promised in a contract and identifies 
distinct performance obligations in the contract. Identification of distinct performance obligations to determine the 
deliverables and the ability of the customer to benefit independently from such deliverables involves significant 
judgment. 
In certain integrated services arrangements, contracts with customers include subcontractor services or third-party 
vendor equipment or software. In these types of arrangements, revenue from sales of third-party vendor products or 
services is recorded net of costs when the Group is acting as an agent between the customer and the vendor, and gross 
when the Group is the principal for the transaction. In doing so, the Group first evaluates whether it controls the 
products or service before it is transferred to the customer. The Group considers whether it has the primary obligation 
to fulfil the contract, inventory risk, pricing discretion and other factors to determine whether it controls the products 
or service and therefore, is acting as a principal or an agent.
Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either on (1) a straight-line basis when services are performed 
through an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period or (2) using a percentage of completion method 
when the pattern of benefits from the services rendered to the customer and the Group’s costs to fulfil the contract is 
not even through the period of contract because the services are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. The 
use of method to recognize the maintenance revenues requires judgment and is based on the promises in the contract 
and nature of the deliverables. 
As certain contracts with customers involve management’s judgment in (1) identifying distinct performance 
obligations, (2) determining whether the Group is acting as a principal or an agent and (3) whether fixed price 
maintenance revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis or using the percentage of completion method, revenue 
recognition from these judgments were identified as a critical audit matter and required a higher extent of audit effort. 
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit
Our audit procedures related to the (1) identification of distinct performance obligations, (2) determination of whether 
the Group is acting as a principal or agent and (3) whether fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized on a straight-
line basis or using the percentage of completion method included the following, among others: 
•We tested the effectiveness of controls relating to the (a) identification of distinct performance obligations, 
(b) determination of whether the Group is acting as a principal or an agent and (c) determination of whether 
fixed price maintenance revenue for certain contracts is recognized on a straight-line basis or using the 
percentage of completion method.
•We selected a sample of contracts with customers and performed the following procedures: 
- Obtained and read contract documents for each selection, including master service agreements, and 
other documents that were part of the agreement.
- Identified significant terms and deliverables in the contract to assess management’s conclusions 
regarding the (i) identification of distinct performance obligations (ii) whether the Group is acting as 
a principal or an agent and (iii) whether fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized on a straight-
line basis or using the percentage of completion method.
Revenue recognition - Fixed price contracts using the percentage of completion method - Refer to Notes 1.5(a) 
and 2.11 to the consolidated financial statements
Critical Audit Matter Description
Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either (1) on a straight-line basis when services are performed 
through an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period or (2) using a percentage of completion method 
when the pattern of benefits from services rendered to the customer and the Group’s costs to fulfil the contract is not 
even through the period of contract because the services are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. Revenue 
from other fixed-price, fixed-timeframe contracts, where the performance obligations are satisfied over time is 
recognized using the percentage-of-completion method.
Use of the percentage-of-completion method requires the Group to determine the actual efforts or costs expended to 
date as a proportion of the estimated total efforts or costs to be incurred. Efforts or costs expended have been used to 
measure progress towards completion as there is a direct relationship between input and productivity. The estimation 
of total efforts or costs involves significant judgment and is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect 
any changes based on the latest available information. Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on incomplete contracts 
are recorded in the period in which such losses become probable based on the estimated efforts or costs to complete 
the contract. 
We identified the estimate of total efforts or costs to complete fixed price contracts measured using the percentage of 
completion method as a critical audit matter as the estimation of total efforts or costs involves significant judgment 
and is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect any changes based on the latest available information. 
This estimate has a high inherent uncertainty and requires consideration of progress of the contract, efforts or costs 
incurred to-date and estimates of efforts or costs required to complete the remaining contract performance obligations 
over the term of the contracts. 
This required a high degree of auditor judgment in evaluating the audit evidence and a higher extent of audit effort to 
evaluate the reasonableness of the total estimated amount of revenue recognized on fixed-price contracts.
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
Our audit procedures related to estimates of total expected costs or efforts to complete for fixed-price contracts 
included the following, among others:
•We tested the effectiveness of controls relating to (1) recording of efforts or costs incurred and estimation 
of efforts or costs required to complete the remaining contract performance obligations and (2) access and 
application controls pertaining to time recording, allocation and budgeting systems which prevents 
unauthorised changes to recording of efforts incurred.
•We selected a sample of fixed price contracts with customers measured using the percentage-of-completion 
method and performed the following:
–Evaluated management’s ability to reasonably estimate the progress towards satisfying the performance 
obligation by comparing actual efforts or costs incurred to prior year estimates of efforts or costs 
budgeted for performance obligations that have been fulfilled.
–Compared efforts or costs incurred with Group’s estimate of efforts or costs incurred to date to identify 
significant variations and evaluate whether those variations have been considered appropriately in 
estimating the remaining costs or efforts to complete the contract.
–Tested the estimate for consistency with the status of delivery of milestones and customer acceptances 
and sign off from customers to identify possible delays in achieving milestones, which require changes 
in estimated costs or efforts to complete the remaining performance obligations.
/s/Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Bengaluru, India
June 15, 2023
We have served as the Company’s auditor since fiscal 2018. 
Infosys Limited and subsidiaries
Consolidated Balance Sheet as of March 31,
(Dollars in millions except equity share data)
Note 2023 2022
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents 2.1 1,481 2,305
Current investments 2.2 841 880
Trade receivables 3,094 2,995
Unbilled revenues 2.12 1,861 1,526
Prepayments and other current assets 2.4 1,336 1,133
Income tax assets 2.18 1 7
Derivative financial instruments 2.3 12 19
Total current assets 8,626 8,865
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment 2.7 1,679 1,793
Right-of-use assets 2.8 837 636
Goodwill 2.9 882 817
Intangible assets 2.9 213 225
Non-current investments 2.2 1,530 1,801
Unbilled revenues 2.12 176 124
Deferred income tax assets 2.18 152 160
Income tax assets 2.18 785 805
Other non-current assets 2.4 432 329
Total non-current assets 6,686 6,690
Total assets 15,312 15,555
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Trade payables 470 545
Lease liabilities 2.8 151 115
Derivative financial instruments 2.3 10 8
Current income tax liabilities 2.18 412 344
Unearned revenues 872 834
Employee benefit obligations 292 288
Provisions 2.6 159 129
Other current liabilities 2.5 2,403 2,170
Total current liabilities 4,769 4,433
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities 2.8 859 607
Deferred income tax liabilities 2.18 149 153
Employee benefit obligations 10 12
Other non-current liabilities 2.5 301 356
Total liabilities 6,088 5,561
Equity
Share capital – ₹5/- ($0.16) par value 4,800,000,000 (4,800,000,000) authorized 
equity shares, issued and outstanding 4,136,387,925 (4,193,012,929) equity 
shares fully paid up, net of 12,172,119 (13,725,712) treasury shares each as of 
March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022), respectively325 328
Share premium 366 337
Retained earnings 11,401 11,672
Cash flow hedge reserve – 1
Other reserves 1,370 1,170
Capital redemption reserve 24 21
Other components of equity (4,314 ) (3,588 )
Total equity attributable to equity holders of the company 9,172 9,941
Non-controlling interests 52 53
Total equity 9,224 9,994
Total liabilities and equity 15,312 15,555
Commitments and contingent liabilities 2.6, 2.7, 2.18 and 2.22
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
Infosys Limited and subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended March 31,
(Dollars in millions except equity share and per equity share data)
Note 2023 2022 2021
Revenues 2.11 18,212 16,311 13,561
Cost of sales 12,709 10,996 8,828
Gross profit 5,503 5,315 4,733
Operating expenses:
Selling and marketing expenses 776 692 624
Administrative expenses 902 868 784
Total operating expenses 1,678 1,560 1,408
Operating profit 3,825 3,755 3,325
Other income, net 2.16 335 308 297
Finance cost 35 27 26
Profit before income taxes 4,125 4,036 3,596
Income tax expense 2.18 1,142 1,068 973
Net profit 2,983 2,968 2,623
Other comprehensive income
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability / asset, net 4 (11) 17
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income, net 2.2 and 2.18 (3) 12 16
1 1 33
Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Fair valuation of investments, net 2.2 and 2.18 (30) (6) (14)
Fair value changes on derivatives designated as cash flow 
hedge, net 2.3 and 2.18 (1) (1) 4
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (697) (320) 333
(728) (327) 323
Total other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax (727) (326) 356
Total comprehensive income 2,256 2,642 2,979
Profit attributable to:
Owners of the company 2,981 2,963 2,613
Non-controlling interests 2 5 10
2,983 2,968 2,623
Total comprehensive income attributable to:
Owners of the company 2,254 2,637 2,968
Non-controlling interests 2 5 11
2,256 2,642 2,979
Earnings per equity share
Basic (in $ per share) 0.71 0.70 0.62
Diluted (in $ per share) 0.71 0.70 0.61
Weighted average equity shares used in computing 
earnings per equity share 2.19
Basic (in shares) 4,180,897,857 4,209,546,724 4,242,416,665
Diluted (in shares) 4,187,731,070 4,218,525,134 4,250,732,467
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
Infosys Limited and subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
(Dollars in millions except equity share data)
Number of
Shares (2)Share
capitalShare
premiumRetained
earningsOther
ReservesCapital
redemption
reserveCash
Flow
Hedge
ReserveOther
components
of equityTotal
equity
attributable
to equity
holders of
the
companyNon-
controlling
interestTotal
equity
Balance as of April 1, 2020 4,240,753,210 332 305 11,014 594 17 (2) (3,614 ) 8,646 55 8,701
Changes in equity for the year ended March 31, 2021
Net Profit — — — 2,613 — — — — 2,613 10 2,623
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability/asset, 
net* — — — — — — — 17 17 — 17
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income, 
net* (Refer to Notes 2.2 and 2.18) — — — — — — — 16 16 — 16
Fair value changes on investments, net* (Refer to Notes 
2.2 and 2.18) — — — — — — — (14) (14) — (14)
Fair value changes on derivatives designated as cash flow 
hedge, net* (Refer to Notes 2.3 and 2.18) — — — — — — 4 — 4 — 4
Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations — — — — — — — 332 332 1 333
Total comprehensive income for the period — — — 2,613 — — 4 351 2,968 11 2,979
Shares issued on exercise of employee stock options 
(Refer to Note 2.17) 4,392,904 — 2 — — — — — 2 — 2
Transfer to other reserves — — — (455) 455 — — — — — —
Transfer from other reserves on utilization — — — 141 (141) — — — — — —
Effect of modification of equity settled share-based 
payment awards to cash settled awards (Refer to Note 
2.17) — — 12 — — — — — 12 — 12
Payment towards acquisition of minority interest — — — (4) — — — — (4) (3) (7)
Employee stock compensation expense (Refer to Note 
2.17) — — 34 — — — — — 34 — 34
Income tax benefit arising on exercise of stock options — — 6 — — — — — 6 — 6
Dividends paid to non-controlling interest of subsidiary — — — — — — — — — (3) (3)
Dividends(1)— — — (1,222 ) — — — — (1,222 ) — (1,222 )
Balance as of March 31, 2021 4,245,146,114 332 359 12,087 908 17 2 (3,263 ) 10,442 60 10,502
Changes in equity for the year ended March 31, 2022
Net profit — — — 2,963 — — — — 2,963 5 2,968
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability/asset, 
net* — — — — — — — (11) (11) — (11)
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income, 
net* (Refer to Notes 2.2 and 2.18) — — — — — — — 12 12 — 12
Fair value changes on investments, net* (Refer to Notes 
2.2 and 2.18) — — — — — — — (6) (6) — (6)
Fair value changes on derivatives designated as cash flow 
hedge, net* (Refer to Notes 2.3 and 2.18) — — — — — — (1) — (1) — (1)
Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations — — — — — — — (320) (320) — (320)
Total comprehensive income for the period — — — 2,963 — — (1) (325) 2,637 5 2,642
Shares issued on exercise of employee stock options 
(Refer to Note 2.17) 3,674,152 — 2 — — — — — 2 — 2
Buyback of equity shares (Refer to Note 2.15)** (55,807,337 ) (4) (86) (1,409 ) — — — — (1,499 ) — (1,499 )
Transaction costs related to buyback* (Refer to Note 2.15) — — — (4) — — — — (4) — (4)
Amount transferred to capital redemption reserve upon 
Buyback (Refer to Note 2.15) — — — (4) 4 — — — — —
Transfer to other reserves — — — (408) 408 — — — — — —
Transfer from other reserves on utilization — — — 146 (146) — — — — — —
Employee stock compensation expense (Refer to Note 
2.17) — — 52 — — — — — 52 — 52
Income tax benefit arising on exercise of stock options — — 10 — — — — — 10 10
Dividends paid to non-controlling interest of subsidiary — — — — — — — — — (12) (12)
Dividends (1)— — — (1,699 ) — — — — (1,699 ) — (1,699 ) 
Balance as of March 31, 2022 4,193,012,929 328 337 11,672 1,170 21 1 (3,588 ) 9,941 53 9,994
Impact on adoption of amendment to IAS 37# – – – (2) – – – – (2) – (2)
4,193,012,929 328 337 11,670 1,170 21 1 (3,588 ) 9,939 53 9,992
Changes in equity for the year ended March 31, 2023
Net profit — — — 2,981 — — — — 2,981 2 2,983
Remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability/asset, 
net* — — — — — — — 4 4 — 4
Equity instruments through other comprehensive income, 
net* (Refer to Notes 2.2 and 2.18) — — — — — — — (3) (3) — (3)
Fair value changes on investments, net* (Refer to Notes 
2.2 and 2.18) — — — — — — — (30) (30) — (30)
Fair value changes on derivatives designated as cash flow 
hedge, net* (Refer to Notes 2.3 and 2.18) — — — — — — (1) — (1) — (1)
Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations — — — — — — — (697) (697) — (697)
Total comprehensive income for the period — — — 2,981 — — (1) (726) 2,254 2 2,256
Shares issued on exercise of employee stock options 
(Refer to Note 2.17) 3,801,344 — 4 — — — — — 4 — 4
Buyback of equity shares (Refer to Note 2.15)** (60,426,348 ) (3) (41) (1,350 ) — — — — (1,394 ) — (1,394 )
Transaction costs related to buyback* (Refer to Note 2.15) — — (3) — — — — — (3) — (3)
Amount transferred to capital redemption reserve upon 
Buyback (Refer to Note 2.15) — — — (3) — 3 — — — — —
Transfer to other reserves — — — (380) 380 — — — — — —
Transfer from other reserves on utilization — — — 180 (180) — — — — — —
Employee stock compensation expense (Refer to Note 
2.17) — — 63 — — — — — 63 — 63
Income tax benefit arising on exercise of stock options — — 6 — — — — — 6 — 6
Dividends paid to non-controlling interest of subsidiary — — — — — — — — — (3) (3)
Dividends (1)— — — (1,697 ) — — — — (1,697 ) — (1,697 )
Balance as of March 31, 2023 4,136,387,925 325 366 11,401 1,370 24 – (4,314 ) 9,172 52 9,224
*        net of taxes
**      including tax on buyback $264 million and $256 million for the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 respectively
#        Impact on account of adoption of amendment to IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingents Assets
(1)net of treasury shares
(2)excludes treasury shares of 12,172,119 as of March 31, 2023 , 13,725,712 as of March 31, 2022, 15,514,732 as of March 31, 2021, and 18,239,356 as of 
April 1, 2020, held by consolidated trust.
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
Infosys Limited and subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Accounting policy
Cash flows are reported using the indirect method, whereby profit for the year is adjusted for the effects of transactions 
of a non-cash nature, any deferrals or accruals of past or future operating cash receipts or payments and item of income 
or expenses associated with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows from operating, investing and financing 
activities of the Group are segregated. The Group considers all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible 
to known amounts of cash to be cash equivalents.
(Dollars in millions)
For the years ended March 31, Note 2023 2022 2021
Operating activities:
Net profit 2,983 2,968 2,623
Adjustments to reconcile net profit to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization 2.7, 2.8 and 2.9 524 466 441
Interest and dividend income (139) (108) (77)
Finance cost 35 27 26
Income tax expense 2.18 1,142 1,068 973
Exchange differences on translation of assets and liabilities, net 21 15 (8)
Impairment loss recognized/(reversed) under expected credit loss model 35 23 25
Stock compensation expense 64 56 45
Other adjustments 80 8 (13)
Changes in working capital
Trade receivables and unbilled revenues (875) (1,064) (248)
Prepayments and other assets (404) (225) (90)
Trade payables (35) 200 (33)
Unearned revenues 103 299 138
Other liabilities and provisions 407 632 319
Cash generated from operations 3,941 4,365 4,121
Income taxes paid 2.18 (1,088) (1,020) (863)
Net cash generated by operating activities 2,853 3,345 3,258
Investing activities:
Expenditure on property, plant and equipment and intangibles (319) (290) (285)
Deposits placed with corporation (123) (121) (97)
Redemption of deposits placed with corporation 94 101 69
Interest and dividend received 120 109 70
Payment for acquisition of business, net of cash acquired 2.10 (113) — (165)
Payments to acquire Investments
Liquid mutual fund units and fixed maturity plan securities (8,739) (7,240) (4,753)
 Target maturity fund units (49) — —
Certificates of deposit (1,280) (560) —
Quoted debt securities (228) (786) (1,555)
Commercial paper (371) — —
Other investments (2) (3) (3)
Proceeds on sale of Investments
Quoted debt securities 318 494 534
Equity and preference securities 12 — 10
Certificates of deposit 1,287 105 154
Commercial paper 284 — —
Liquid mutual fund units and fixed maturity plan securities 8,890 7,186 4,909
Other investments — 1 3
Escrow and other deposits pertaining to Buyback (59) (57) —
Redemption of escrow and other deposits pertaining to Buyback 59 57 —
Other payments (8) (10) (27)
Other receipts 9 9 7
Net cash used in investing activities (218) (1,005) (1,129)
Financing activities:
Payment of lease liabilities (151) (125) (94)
Payment of dividends (1,697) (1,703) (1,226)
Payment of dividends to non-controlling interests of subsidiary (3) (11) (3)
Shares issued on exercise of employee stock options 4 2 2
Payment towards purchase of non-controlling interest — — (7)
Other payments (59) (17) —
Other receipts 16 32 11
Buyback of equity shares including transaction costs and tax on buyback (1,398) (1,503) —
Net cash used in financing activities (3,288) (3,325) (1,317)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (653) (985) 812
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (171) (90) 103
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning 2.1 2,305 3,380 2,465
Cash and cash equivalents at the end 2.1 1,481 2,305 3,380
Supplementary information:
Restricted cash balance 2.1 44 62 69
The accompanying notes form an integral part of the consolidated financial statements 
Overview and Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
1. Overview
1.1 Company overview
Infosys Limited (the “Company” or “Infosys”) provides consulting, technology, outsourcing and next-generation 
digital services, to enable clients to execute strategies for their digital transformation.
Infosys together with its subsidiaries and controlled trusts is herein after referred to as the “Group”.
The Company is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled in India and has its registered office at 
Bengaluru, Karnataka, India. The Company has its primary listings on the BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange 
of India Limited in India. The Company’s American Depositary Shares (“ADS”) representing equity shares are listed 
on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”).
The Group's consolidated financial statements are authorized for issue by the Company’s Board of Directors on June 
15, 2023.
1.2 Basis of preparation of financial statements
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in compliance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), under the historical cost 
convention on the accrual basis except for certain financial instruments which have been measured at fair values. 
Accounting policies have been consistently applied except where a newly issued accounting standard is initially 
adopted or a revision to an existing accounting standard requires a change in the accounting policy hitherto in use.
1.3 Basis of consolidation
Infosys consolidates entities which it owns or controls. The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial 
statements of the Company, its controlled trusts and its subsidiaries. Control exists when the parent has power over 
the entity, is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect 
those returns by using its power over the entity. Power is demonstrated through existing rights that give the ability to 
direct relevant activities, those which significantly affect the entity's returns. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the 
date control commences until the date control ceases. 
The financial statements of the Group companies are consolidated on a line-by-line basis and intra-group balances and 
transactions including unrealized gain / loss from such transactions are eliminated upon consolidation. These financial 
statements are prepared by applying uniform accounting policies in use at the Group. Non-controlling interests which 
represent part of the net profit or loss and net assets of subsidiaries that are not, directly or indirectly, owned or 
controlled by the company, are excluded.
Refer to Note 2.20 for the list of subsidiaries and controlled trusts of the Company. 
1.4 Use of estimates and judgments
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make estimates, 
judgments and assumptions. These estimates, judgments and assumptions affect the application of accounting policies 
and the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the 
consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. Application of 
accounting policies that require critical accounting estimates involving complex and subjective judgments and the use 
of assumptions in these financial statements have been disclosed in Note 1.5. Accounting estimates could change from 
period to period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Appropriate changes in estimates are made as 
management becomes aware of changes in circumstances surrounding the estimates. Changes in estimates and 
judgments are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the period in which changes are made and, if 
material, their effects are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
1.5 Critical accounting estimates and judgements
a. Revenue recognition 
The Group’s contracts with customers include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. 
Revenues from customer contracts are considered for recognition and measurement when the contract has been 
approved, in writing, by the parties to the contract, the parties to the contract are committed to perform their respective 
obligations under the contract, and the contract is legally enforceable. The Group assesses the services promised in a 
contract and identifies distinct performance obligations in the contract. Identification of distinct performance 
obligations to determine the deliverables and the ability of the customer to benefit independently from such 
deliverables, and allocation of transaction price to these distinct performance obligations involves significant 
judgement.
Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably on a straight-line basis when services are performed through 
an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period. Revenue from a fixed price maintenance contract is 
recognized ratably using a percentage of completion method when the pattern of benefits from the services rendered 
to the customer and Group’s costs to fulfil the contract is not even through the period of the contract because the 
services are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. The use of method to recognize the maintenance revenues 
requires judgment and is based on the promises in the contract and nature of the deliverables.
The Group uses the percentage-of-completion method in accounting for other fixed-price contracts. Use of the 
percentage-of-completion method requires the Group to determine the actual efforts or costs expended to date as a 
proportion of the estimated total efforts or costs to be incurred. Efforts or costs expended have been used to measure 
progress towards completion as there is a direct relationship between input and productivity. The estimation of total 
efforts or costs involves significant judgement and is assessed throughout the period of the contract to reflect any 
changes based on the latest available information.
Contracts with customers includes subcontractor services or third-party vendor equipment or software in certain 
integrated services arrangements. In these types of arrangements, revenue from sales of third-party vendor products 
or services is recorded net of costs when the Group is acting as an agent between the customer and the vendor, and 
gross when the Group is the principal for the transaction. In doing so, the Group first evaluates whether it controls the 
good or service before it is transferred to the customer. The Group considers whether it has the primary obligation to 
fulfil the contract, inventory risk, pricing discretion and other factors to determine whether it controls the goods or 
service and therefore, is acting as a principal or an agent.
Provisions for estimated losses, if any, on incomplete contracts are recorded in the period in which such losses become 
probable based on the estimated efforts or costs to complete the contract.
b. Income taxes
The Group's two major tax jurisdictions are India and the United States, though the company also files tax returns in 
other overseas jurisdictions.  
Significant judgments are involved in determining the provision for income taxes, including amount expected to be 
paid/recovered for uncertain tax positions.
In assessing the realizability of deferred income tax assets, management considers whether some portion or all of the 
deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent 
upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible. 
Management considers the scheduled reversals of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and 
tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the level of historical taxable income and projections for 
future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred income tax assets are deductible, management believes 
that the Group will realize the benefits of those deductible differences. The amount of the deferred income tax assets 
considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income during the 
carry forward period are reduced (Refer to Note 2.18).
c. Business combinations and intangible assets
Business combinations are accounted for using IFRS 3 (Revised), Business Combinations. IFRS 3 requires us to fair 
value identifiable intangible assets and contingent consideration to ascertain the net fair value of identifiable assets, 
liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquiree. These valuations are conducted by external valuation experts. 
Estimates are required to be made in determining the value of contingent consideration, value of option arrangements 
and intangible assets. These measurements are based on information available at the acquisition date and are based on 
expectations and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management (Refer to Note 2.9 and 2.10).
d. Property, plant and equipment
Property, plant and equipment represent a significant proportion of the asset base of the Group. The charge in respect 
of periodic depreciation is derived after determining an estimate of an asset’s expected useful life and the expected 
residual value at the end of its life. The useful lives and residual values of the Group's assets are determined by 
management at the time the asset is acquired and reviewed periodically, including at each financial year end. The lives 
are based on historical experience with similar assets as well as anticipation of future events, which may impact their 
life, such as changes in technology (Refer to Note 2.7). 
e. Impairment of Goodwill
Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis and whenever there is an indication that the recoverable amount 
of a cash generating unit (“CGU”) is less than its carrying amount. For the impairment test, goodwill is allocated to 
the CGU or groups of CGUs which benefit from the synergies of the acquisition and which represent the lowest level 
at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes.
The recoverable amount of CGUs is determined based on higher of value-in-use and fair value less cost to sell. Key 
assumptions in the cash flow projections are prepared based on current economic conditions and comprises estimated 
long term growth rates, weighted average cost of capital and estimated operating margins (Refer to Note 2.9).
1.6 Recent accounting pronouncements
1.6.1 Standards issued but not yet effective
New and revised IFRS Standards in issue but not yet effective:
Amendments to IAS 8, Accounting Policies, Changes in 
Accounting Estimates and Errors:Definition of Accounting Estimates
Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of Financial 
Statements:Disclosure of Accounting Policies
Amendments to IAS12, Income taxes :Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising 
from a Single Transaction
Amendments to IFRS 16, Leases :Lease liability in a Sale and Leaseback 
Amendments to IAS 8
On February 12, 2021, IASB has issued amendments to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting estimates 
and Errors which introduced a definition of ‘accounting estimates’ and included amendments to IAS 8 to help entities 
distinguish changes in accounting policies from changes in accounting estimates.
The effective date for adoption of this amendment is the annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, although 
early adoption is permitted. The Group has evaluated the amendment and there is no impact on its consolidated 
financial statements.
Amendments to IAS 1
On February 12, 2021, IASB has issued amendments to IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements and IFRS Practice 
Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements which requires the entities to disclose their material accounting policies 
rather than their significant accounting policies.
The effective date for adoption of this amendment is annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, although 
early adoption is permitted. The Group has early adopted this amendment and the impact of the amendment is 
insignificant in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
Amendments to IAS 12
On May 7, 2021, IASB has issued amendment to IAS 12 Income Taxes which narrowed the scope of the initial 
recognition exemption so that it does not apply to transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary 
differences.
The effective date for adoption of this amendment is annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023, although 
early adoption is permitted. The Group has evaluated the amendment and there is no impact on its consolidated 
financial statements.
Amendments to IFRS 16
On September 22, 2022, IASB has issued amendments to IFRS 16 Leases, which added requirements explaining the 
subsequent measurement for a sale and leaseback transaction. These amendments will not change the accounting for 
leases other than those arising in a sale and leaseback transaction. The effective date for the adoption of this 
amendment is annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024, although early adoption is permitted. 
The Group has evaluated the amendment and there is no impact on its consolidated financial statements.
2 Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
2.1 Cash and cash equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents consist of the following:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Cash and bank deposits 1,220 1,840
Deposits with financial institutions 261 465
1,481 2,305
Cash and cash equivalents as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, include restricted cash and bank balances of 
$44 million and $62 million, respectively. The restrictions are primarily on account of bank balances held by 
irrevocable trusts controlled by the Company.
The deposits maintained by the Group with banks and financial institution comprise of time deposits, which can be 
withdrawn by the Group at any point without prior notice or penalty on the principal. 
2.2 Investments
The carrying value of investments are as follows: 
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Current investments
Amortized cost:
Quoted debt securities
Cost 18 29
Fair value through profit and loss:
Liquid mutual funds
Fair value 119 266
Fair Value through Other comprehensive income:
Quoted debt securities
Fair value 179 133
Certificates of deposit
Fair value 435 452
Commercial Paper
Fair value 90 —
841 880
Non-Current investments
Amortized cost:
Quoted debt securities
Cost 215 251
Fair value through Other comprehensive income:
Quoted debt securities
Fair value 1,221 1,501
Unquoted equity and preference securities
Fair value 24 26
Fair value through profit and loss:
Target maturity fund units
Fair value 49 —
Unquoted Preference securities
Fair value — 3
Unquoted Compulsorily convertible debentures
Fair value — 1
Others
Fair value 21 19
1,530 1,801
Total Investments 2,371 2,681
Investment carried at amortized cost 233 280
Investments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income 1,949 2,112
Investments carried at fair value through profit and loss 189 289
Note: Uncalled capital commitments outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, was $11 million and $4 
million, respectively. 
Refer to Note 2.3 for accounting policies on financial instruments. 
Details of amounts recorded in other comprehensive income:
(Dollars in millions)
Net gain / (loss) on Year ended March 31, 2023
 Gross Tax Net
Quoted debt securities (31) 1 (30)
Unquoted equity and preference securities (3) — (3)
(Dollars in millions)
Net gain / (loss) on Year ended March 31, 2022
 Gross Tax Net
Quoted debt securities (9) 3 (6)
Unquoted equity and preference securities 15 (3) 12
(Dollars in millions)
Net gain / (loss) on Year ended March 31, 2021
 Gross Tax Net
Quoted debt securities (17) 3 (14)
Unquoted equity and preference securities 19 (3) 16
Method of fair valuation:
(Dollars in millions)
Fair value
 As of March 31
Class of investment Method 2023 2022
Liquid mutual funds- carried at Fair value through 
profit or lossQuoted price
119 266
Target maturity fund units- carried at Fair value 
through profit or lossQuoted price
49 —
Quoted debt securities- carried at amortized cost Quoted price and market
observable inputs 261 323
Quoted debt securities- carried at Fair value through 
other comprehensive incomeQuoted price and market
observable inputs 1,400 1,634
Commercial Paper- carried at Fair value through 
other comprehensive income Market observable inputs 90 —
Certificate of deposits- carried at Fair value through 
other comprehensive incomeMarket observable inputs
435 452
Unquoted equity and preference securities- carried at 
fair value through other comprehensive incomeDiscounted cash flows method,
Market multiples method,
Option pricing model 24 26
Unquoted equity and preference securities- carried at 
fair value through profit or lossDiscounted cash flows method,
Market multiples method,
Option pricing model — 3
Unquoted compulsorily convertible debentures- 
carried at fair value through profit or lossDiscounted cash flows method
— 1
Others - carried at fair value through profit or loss Discounted cash flows method,
Market multiples method,
Option pricing model 21 19
2,399 2,724
Note: Certain quoted investments are classified as Level 2 in the absence of active market for such investments. 
2.3 Financial instruments 
Accounting policy 
 
2.3.1 Initial recognition
The Group recognizes financial assets and financial liabilities when it becomes a party to the contractual provisions 
of the instrument. All financial assets and liabilities are recognized at fair value on initial recognition, except for trade 
receivables which are initially measured at transaction price. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the 
acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities which are not at fair value through profit or loss are 
added to the fair value on initial recognition. Regular way purchase and sale of financial assets are accounted for at 
trade date.
2.3.2 Subsequent measurement
 
a. Non-derivative financial instruments
 
(i) Financial assets carried at amortized cost 
 
A financial asset is subsequently measured at amortized cost if it is held within a business model whose objective is 
to hold the asset in order to collect contractual cash flows and the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on 
specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
 
(ii) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI)
 
A financial asset is subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive income if it is held within a 
business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets and 
the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. The Group has made an irrevocable election for its 
investments which are classified as equity instruments to present the subsequent changes in fair value in other 
comprehensive income based on its business model. 
(iii) Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)
 
A financial asset which is not classified in any of the above categories are subsequently fair valued through profit or 
loss.
 
(iv) Financial liabilities
 
Financial liabilities are subsequently carried at amortized cost using the effective interest method, except for 
contingent consideration and financial liability under option arrangements recognized in a business combination which 
is subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss. 
 
b. Derivative financial instruments
 
The Group holds derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange forward and option contracts to mitigate 
the risk of changes in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures. The counterparty for such contracts is generally 
a bank.
 
(i) Financial assets or financial liabilities, at fair value through profit or loss
 
This category includes derivative financial assets or liabilities which are not designated as hedges.
 
Although the Group believes that these derivatives constitute hedges from an economic perspective, they may not 
qualify for hedge accounting under IFRS 9, Financial Instruments. Any derivative that is either not designated a hedge, 
or is so designated but is ineffective as per IFRS 9, is categorized as a financial asset or financial liability, carried at 
fair value through profit or loss.
  
Derivatives not designated as hedges are recognized initially at fair value and attributable transaction costs are 
recognized in net profit in the statement of comprehensive income when incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, 
these derivatives are measured at fair value through profit or loss and the resulting exchange gains or losses are 
included in other income. Assets/ liabilities in this category are presented as current assets/current liabilities if they 
are either held for trading or are expected to be realized within 12 months after the balance sheet date.
 
(ii) Cash flow hedge
 
The Group designates certain foreign exchange forward and options contracts as cash flow hedges to mitigate the risk 
of foreign exchange exposure on highly probable forecast cash transactions.
 
When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging instrument, the effective portion of changes in the fair value 
of the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve. Any 
ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of the derivative is recognized immediately in the net profit in the 
statement of comprehensive income. If the hedging instrument no longer meets the criteria for hedge accounting, then 
hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. If the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised, 
the cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognized in cash flow hedging reserve till the period the hedge 
was effective remains in cash flow hedging reserve until the forecasted transaction occurs. The cumulative gain or 
loss previously recognized in the cash flow hedging reserve is transferred to the net profit in the statement of 
comprehensive income upon the occurrence of the related forecasted transaction. If the forecasted transaction is no 
longer expected to occur, then the amount accumulated in cash flow hedging reserve is reclassified to the net profit in 
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
2.3.3 Derecognition of financial instruments
 
The Group derecognizes a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire 
or it transfers the financial asset and the transfer qualifies for derecognition under IFRS 9. A financial liability (or a 
part of a financial liability) is derecognized from the Group's balance sheet when the obligation specified in the 
contract is discharged or cancelled or expires.
 
2.3.4 Fair value of financial instruments
 
In determining the fair value of its financial instruments, the Group uses a variety of methods and assumptions that 
are based on market conditions and risks existing at each reporting date. The methods used to determine fair value 
include discounted cash flow analysis, available quoted market prices and dealer quotes. All methods of assessing fair 
value result in general approximation of value, and such value may never actually be realized.
 
Refer to table ‘Financial instruments by category’ below for the disclosure on carrying value and fair value of financial 
assets and liabilities. For financial assets and liabilities maturing within one year from the balance sheet date and 
which are not carried at fair value, the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short maturity of these 
instruments. 
  
2.3.5 Impairment
 
 
The Group recognizes loss allowances using the expected credit loss (ECL) model for the financial assets and unbilled 
revenue which are not fair valued through profit or loss. Loss allowance for trade receivables and unbilled revenue 
with no significant financing component is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. For all other financial assets, 
expected credit losses are measured at an amount equal to the 12-month ECL, unless there has been a significant 
increase in credit risk from initial recognition in which case those are measured at lifetime ECL.
The Group determines the allowance for credit losses based on historical loss experience adjusted to reflect current 
and estimated future economic conditions. The Group considers current and anticipated future economic conditions 
relating to industries the Group deals with and the countries where it operates.
The amount of expected credit losses (or reversal) that is required to adjust the loss allowance at the reporting date to 
the amount that is required to be recorded is recognized as an impairment loss or gain in consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income.
 
Financial instruments by category
The carrying value and fair value of financial instruments by categories as of March 31, 2023 were as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Financial assets/ liabilities
at fair value through
profit or lossFinancial assets/liabilities
at fair value through OCI
Amortised costDesignated upon
initial recognition MandatoryEquity instruments
designated upon
initial recognition MandatoryTotal
carrying
value Total fair value
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents (Refer to Note 2.1) 1,481 — — — — 1,481 1,481
Investments (Refer to Note 2.2)
Liquid mutual funds — — 119 — — 119 119
Target maturity fund units — — 49 — — 49 49
Quoted debt securities 233 — — — 1,400 1,633 1,661(1)
Certificates of deposit — — — — 435 435 435
Commercial Papers — — — — 90 90 90
Unquoted equity and preference securities — — — 24 — 24 24
Unquoted investments others — — 21 — — 21 21
Trade receivables 3,094 — — — — 3,094 3,094
Unbilled revenues (Refer to Note 2.12) (3)1,157 — — — — 1,157 1,157
Prepayments and other assets (Refer to Note 2.4) 624 — — — — 624 614(2)
Derivative financial instruments — — 8 — 4 12 12
Total 6,589 — 197 24 1,929 8,739 8,757
Liabilities:
Trade payables 470 — — — — 470 470
Lease liabilities 1,010 — — — — 1,010 1,010
Derivative financial instruments — — 8 — 2 10 10
Financial liability under option arrangements (Refer to 
Note 2.5) — — 73 — — 73 73
Other liabilities including contingent consideration (Refer 
to Note 2.5) 2,112 — 12 — — 2,124 2,124
Total 3,592 — 93 — 2 3,687 3,687
(1) On account of fair value changes including interest accrued 
(2) Excludes interest accrued on quoted debt securities carried at amortized cost of $10 million
(3) Excludes unbilled revenue on contracts where the right to consideration is dependent on completion of 
contractual milestones 
The carrying value and fair value of financial instruments by categories as of March 31, 2022, were as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Financial assets/ liabilities
at fair value through
profit or lossFinancial assets/liabilities
at fair value through OCI
Amortised costDesignated upon
initial recognition MandatoryEquity instruments
designated upon
initial recognition MandatoryTotal
carrying
value Total fair value
Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents (Refer to Note 2.1) 2,305 — — — — 2,305 2,305
Investments (Refer to Note 2.2)
Liquid mutual funds — — 266 — — 266 266
Quoted debt securities 280 — — — 1,634 1,914 1,957(1)
Certificate of deposit — — — — 452 452 452
Unquoted equity and preference securities — — 3 26 — 29 29
Unquoted Compulsorily convertible debentures — — 1 — — 1 1
Unquoted investments others — — 19 — — 19 19
Trade receivables 2,995 — — — — 2,995 2,995
Unbilled revenues (Refer to Note 2.12) (3)838 — — — — 838 838
Prepayments and other assets (Refer to Note 2.4) 526 — — — — 526 514(2)
Derivative financial instruments — — 16 — 3 19 19
Total 6,944 — 305 26 2,089 9,364 9,395
Liabilities:
Trade payables 545 — — — — 545 545
Lease liabilities 722 — — — — 722 722
Derivative financial instruments — — 8 — — 8 8
Financial liability under option arrangements (Refer to 
Note 2.5) — — 86 — — 86 86
Other liabilities including contingent consideration (Refer 
to Note 2.5) 1,989 — 16 — — 2,005 2,005
Total 3,256 — 110 — — 3,366 3,366
(1) On account of fair value changes including interest accrued 
(2) Excludes interest accrued on quoted debt securities carried at amortized cost of $12 million
(3) Excludes unbilled revenue on contracts where the right to consideration is dependent on completion of 
contractual milestones
For trade receivables, trade payables, other assets and payables maturing within one year from the balance sheet date, 
the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to the short maturity of these instruments.
Fair value hierarchy
Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 – Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either 
directly (i.e., as prices) or indirectly (i.e., derived from prices).
Level 3 - Inputs for the assets or liabilities that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). 
The fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2023 is as 
follows:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023Fair value measurement at end of
the reporting year using
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Assets
Investments (Refer to note 2.2)
Investments in liquid mutual fund units 119 119 — —
Investments in target maturity fund units 49 49 — —
Investments in quoted debt securities 1,661 1,302 359 —
Investments in certificates of deposit 435 — 435 —
Investments in commercial paper 90 — 90 —
Investments in unquoted equity and preference securities 24 — — 24
Investment in unquoted investments others 21 — — 21
Others
Derivative financial instruments- gain on outstanding 
foreign exchange forward and option contracts 12 — 12 —
Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments- loss on outstanding 
foreign exchange forward and option contracts 10 — 10 —
Financial liability under option arrangements (Refer to Note 
2.5)* 73 — — 73
Liability towards contingent consideration (Refer to Note 
2.5)* 12 — — 12
* Discount rate ranges from 10% to 15%
During fiscal 2023, quoted debt securities of $47 million were transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 of fair value 
hierarchy, since these were valued based on quoted price and quoted debt securities of $196 million were transferred 
from Level 1 to Level 2 of fair value hierarchy, since these were valued based on market observable inputs. 
The fair value hierarchy of assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of March 31, 2022 is as 
follows: 
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2022Fair value measurement at end of
the reporting year using
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
Assets
Investments (Refer to note 2.2)
Investments in liquid mutual fund units 266 266 — —
Investments in quoted debt securities 1,957 1,721 236 —
Investments in certificates of deposit 452 — 452 —
Investments in unquoted equity and preference securities 29 — — 29
Investments in unquoted compulsorily convertible debentures 1 — — 1
Investment in unquoted investments others 19 — — 19
Others
Derivative financial instruments- gain on outstanding foreign 
exchange forward and option contracts 19 — 19 —
Liabilities
Derivative financial instruments- loss on outstanding foreign 
exchange forward and option contracts 8 — 8 —
Financial liability under option arrangements (Refer to Note 
2.5)* 86 — — 86
Liability towards contingent consideration (Refer to Note 
2.5)* 16 — — 16
* Discount rate ranges from 8% to 14.5%
During fiscal 2022, quoted debt securities of $76 million were transferred from Level 2 to Level 1 of fair value 
hierarchy, since these were valued based on quoted price and quoted debt securities of $127 million were transferred 
from Level 1 to Level 2 of fair value hierarchy, since these were valued based on market observable inputs.
A one percentage point change in the unobservable inputs used in fair valuation of Level 3 assets and liabilities does 
not have a significant impact in its value. 
 
Income from financial assets 
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Interest income on financial assets carried at amortized cost 107 135 161
Interest income on financial assets fair valued through other 
comprehensive income 119 86 55
Dividend income on investments carried at fair value through 
profit or loss — — 1
Gain / (loss) on investments carried at fair value through profit or 
loss 18 24 10
Gain / (loss) on investments carried at fair value through other 
comprehensive income — — 11
244 245 238
Financial risk management
Financial risk factors
The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group's 
primary focus is to foresee the unpredictability of financial markets and seek to minimize potential adverse effects on  
its financial performance. The primary market risk to the Group is foreign exchange risk. The Group uses derivative 
financial instruments to mitigate foreign exchange related risk exposures. The Group's exposure to credit risk is 
influenced mainly by the individual characteristic of each customer and the concentration of risk from the top few 
customers.
Market risk
The Group operates internationally, and a major portion of the business is transacted in several currencies and 
consequently the Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk through its sales and services in the United States and 
elsewhere, and purchases from overseas suppliers in various foreign currencies. The Group holds derivative financial 
instruments such as foreign exchange forward and option contracts to mitigate the risk of changes in exchange rates 
on foreign currency exposures. The Group is also exposed to foreign exchange risk arising on intercompany 
transaction in foreign currencies. The exchange rate between the Indian rupee and foreign currencies has changed 
substantially in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future. Consequently, the results of the Group’s 
operations are adversely affected as the rupee appreciates/ depreciates against these currencies.
The following table analyzes foreign currency risk from financial assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2023:
(Dollars in millions)
U.S. dollars EuroUnited Kingdom
 Pound Sterling Australian dollars Other currencies Total
Net financial assets 2,528 908 221 220 317 4,194
Net financial liabilities (1,478 ) (454) (90) (116) (269)(2,407 )
Total 1,050 454 131 104 48 1,787
The following table analyzes foreign currency risk from financial assets and liabilities as of March 31, 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
U.S. dollars EuroUnited Kingdom
 Pound Sterling Australian dollars Other currencies Total
Net financial assets 2,404 657 199 178 279 3,717
Net financial liabilities (1,214 ) (417) (88) (129) (238)(2,086 )
Total 1,190 240 111 49 41 1,631
For the years ended March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, every percentage point depreciation / appreciation in the 
exchange rate between the Indian rupee and the U.S. dollar has affected the company's incremental operating margins 
by approximately 0.44%, 0.46% and 0.47%, respectively.
Sensitivity analysis is computed based on the changes in the income and expenses in foreign currency upon conversion 
into functional currency, due to exchange rate fluctuations between the previous reporting period and the current 
reporting period.
Derivative financial instruments
The Group holds derivative financial instruments such as foreign exchange forward and option contracts to mitigate 
the risk of changes in exchange rates on foreign currency exposures. The counterparty for such contracts is generally 
a bank. These derivative financial instruments are valued based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in 
active markets or inputs that are directly or indirectly observable in the marketplace. 
The following table gives details in respect of outstanding foreign exchange forward and options contracts: 
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
In Million In $ Million In Million In $ Million
Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges
Forward contracts
      In Euro — — 8 9
Option Contracts
In Australian dollars 140 94 185 139
In Euro 325 354 280 311
In United Kingdom Pound Sterling 55 68 32 42
Other derivatives
Forward contracts
In Australian dollars 10 6 — —
In Brazilian Real — — 6 1
In Canadian dollars — — 34 27
In Chinese Yuan 41 6 38 6
In Czech Koruna 364 16 296 14
In Euro 316 344 297 330
In New Zealand dollars 30 19 20 14
In Norwegian Krone 100 10 80 9
In Singapore dollars 204 151 252 180
In Swiss Franc 1 1 15 17
In U.S. Dollars 1,670 1,670 1,166 1,166
In United Kingdom Pound Sterling 86 107 65 86
In South African rand 85 5 45 3
Option contracts
   In Australian dollars 30 20 — —
In Euro 160 174 81 90
In United Kingdom Pound Sterling 15 19 — —
In U.S. Dollars 300 300 677 677
3,364 3,121
The Group recognized a net loss of $69 million, net gain of $22 million and net gain of $84 million on derivative 
financial instruments not designated as cash flow hedges for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are 
included under other income.
The foreign exchange forward and option contracts mature within 12 months. The table below analyzes the derivative 
financial instruments into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period as of the balance sheet date:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Not later than one month 1,601 823
Later than one month and not later than three months 1,358 1,642
Later than three months and not later than one year 405 656
3,364 3,121 
During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Group has designated certain foreign exchange forward and option contracts 
as cash flow hedges to mitigate the risk of foreign exchange exposure on highly probable forecast cash transactions. 
The related hedge transactions for balance in cash flow hedging reserve as of March 31, 2023, are expected to occur 
and reclassified to statement of comprehensive income within three months.
The Group determines the existence of an economic relationship between the hedging instrument and hedged item 
based on the currency, amount and timing of its forecasted cash flows. Hedge effectiveness is determined at the 
inception of the hedge relationship, and through periodic prospective effectiveness assessments to ensure that an 
economic relationship exists between the hedged item and hedging instrument, including whether the hedging 
instrument is expected to offset changes in cash flows of hedged items.
If the hedge ratio for risk management purposes is no longer optimal but the risk management objective remains 
unchanged and the hedge continues to qualify for hedge accounting, the hedge relationship will be rebalanced by 
adjusting either the volume of the hedging instrument or the volume of the hedged item so that the hedge ratio aligns 
with the ratio used for risk management purposes. Any hedge ineffectiveness is calculated and accounted for in profit 
or loss at the time of the hedge relationship rebalancing.
The following table provides the reconciliation of cash flow hedge reserve:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended
March 31, 2023Year ended
March 31, 2022
Gain / (Loss)
Balance at the beginning of the period 1 2
Gain / (Loss) recognized in other comprehensive income during the period 12 14
Amount reclassified to profit or loss during the period (13) (15)
Tax impact on above — —
Balance at the end of the period — 1
The Group offsets a financial asset and a financial liability when it currently has a legally enforceable right to set off 
the recognized amounts and the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the asset and settle the 
liability simultaneously.
The following table provides quantitative information about offsetting of derivative financial assets and derivative 
financial liabilities:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Derivative
financial assetDerivative
financial liabilityDerivative
financial assetDerivative
financial liability
Gross amount of recognized financial 
asset/liability 15 (13) 24 (13)
Amount set off (3) 3 (5) 5
Net amount presented in balance sheet 12 (10) 19 (8) 
Credit risk
Credit risk refers to the risk of default on its obligation by the counterparty resulting in a financial loss. The maximum 
exposure to the credit risk at the reporting date is primarily from trade receivables amounting to $3,094 million and 
$2,995 million as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively and unbilled revenue amounting to $2,037 
million and $1,650 million as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. Trade receivables and unbilled 
revenue are typically unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers primarily located in the United 
States of America and Europe. Credit risk has always been managed by the Group through credit approvals, 
establishing credit limits and continuously monitoring the creditworthiness of customers to which the Group grants 
credit terms in the normal course of business. The Group uses the expected credit loss model to assess any required 
allowances; and uses a provision matrix to compute the expected credit loss allowance for trade receivables and 
unbilled revenues. This matrix takes into account credit reports and other related credit information to the extent 
available.
The Group's exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristic of each customer and the 
concentration of risk from the top few customers. Exposure to customers is diversified and there is no single customer 
contributing more than 10% of outstanding trade receivables and unbilled revenues. 
The following table gives details in respect of percentage of revenues generated from top five customers and top ten 
customers:
(In %)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Revenue from top five customers 12.7 11.4 11.0
Revenue from top ten customers 20.2 19.3 18.1
Credit risk exposure
Trade receivables ageing schedule for fiscal 2023 is as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not DueLess than 6 
months6 months 
to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 yearsMore than 
3 years Total
Trade receivables 2,241 914 7 1 9 5 3,177
Less: Allowance for credit loss 83
Total Trade receivables 3,094
Trade receivables ageing schedule for fiscal 2022 is as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment
Not DueLess than 6 
months6 months 
to 1 year 1-2 years 2-3 yearsMore than 
3 years Total
Trade receivables 2,295 734 31 10 9 4 3,083
Less: Allowance for credit loss 88
Total Trade receivables 2,995 
The allowance for lifetime expected credit loss on customer balances was $28 million, $19 million and $25 million 
for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Movement in credit loss allowance on customer balance is as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Balance at the beginning 113 103 93
Translation differences (3) (1) 2
Impairment loss recognized / (reversed), net 28 19 25
Amounts written off (21) (8) (17)
Balance at the end 117 113 103
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) when there is no realistic 
prospect of recovery.
Credit exposure
The Group’s credit period generally ranges from 30-75 days.
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Trade receivables 3,094 2,995
Unbilled revenues 2,037 1,650
Days Sales Outstanding (DSO) as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 was 62 days and 67 days, respectively.
Credit risk on cash and cash equivalents is limited as the Group generally invest in deposits with banks and financial 
institutions with high ratings assigned by international and domestic credit rating agencies. Ratings are monitored 
periodically and the Group has considered the latest credit rating information to the extent available as at the date of 
these consolidated financial statements.
Majority of investments of the Group are fair valued based on Level 1 or Level 2 inputs. These investments primarily 
include investment in liquid mutual fund units, quoted debt securities, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, quoted 
bonds issued by government and quasi government organizations. The Group invests after considering counterparty 
risks based on multiple criteria including Tier I Capital, Capital Adequacy Ratio, credit rating, profitability, NPA 
levels and deposit base of banks and financial institutions. These risks are monitored regularly as per Group’s risk 
management program. 
Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that the Group will not be able to settle or meet its obligations on time.
The Group's principal sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents and investments and the cash flow that is 
generated from operations. The Group has no outstanding borrowings. The Group believes that the working capital is 
sufficient to meet its current requirements.
As of March 31, 2023, the Group had a working capital of $3,857 million including cash and cash equivalents of 
$1,481, million and current investments of $841 million. As of March 31, 2022, the Group had a working capital of 
$4,432 million including cash and cash equivalents of $2,305 million and current investments of $880 million.
As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the outstanding employee benefit obligations were $302 million and $300 
million, respectively, which have been substantially funded. Accordingly, no liquidity risk is perceived. 
The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities as of March 31, 
2023:
(Dollars in millions)
Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-4 years 4-7 years Total
Trade payables 470 — — — 470
Financial liability under option arrangements on an 
undiscounted basis (Refer to Note 2.5) 82 — — — 82
Other financial liabilities (excluding liabilities 
towards contingent consideration) on an 
undiscounted basis (Refer to Note 2.5) 1,875 186 53 2 2,116
Liability towards contingent consideration on an 
undiscounted basis (Refer to Note 2.5) 12 — — — 12
The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of significant financial liabilities as of March 31, 
2022: 
(Dollars in millions)
Less than 1 year 1-2 years 2-4 years 4-7 years Total
Trade payables 545 — — — 545
Financial liability under option arrangements on an 
undiscounted basis (Refer to Note 2.5) — 12 11 68 91
Other financial liabilities (excluding liabilities 
towards contingent consideration) on an 
undiscounted basis (Refer to Note 2.5) 1,787 144 60 1 1,992
Liability towards contingent consideration on an 
undiscounted basis (Refer to Note 2.5) 9 3 5 — 17 
2.4 Prepayments and other assets
Prepayments and other assets consist of the following:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Current
Rental deposits 4 8
Security deposits 1 1
Loans to employees 35 33
Prepaid expenses (1)334 263
Interest accrued and not due 59 48
Withholding taxes and others (1)398 256
Advance payments to vendors for supply of goods (1)25 25
Deposit with corporation 286 287
Deferred contract cost (1)
Cost of obtaining a contract #104 113
Cost of fulfillment 21 12
Net investment in sublease of right of use asset (Refer to Note 2.8) 6 6
Other non-financial assets (1)32 43
Other financial assets 31 38
Total Current prepayment and other assets 1,336 1,133
Non-current
Loans to employees 5 5
Security deposits 6 6
Deposit with corporation 12 4
Defined benefit plan assets (Refer to Note 2.14) (1)4 3
Prepaid expenses (1)41 13
Deferred contract cost (1)
Cost of obtaining a contract #23 78
Cost of fulfillment 79 41
Withholding taxes and others (1)83 89
Net investment in sublease of right of use asset (Refer to Note 2.8) 37 43
Rental deposits 29 24
Other financial assets 113 23
Total Non-current prepayment and other assets 432 329
Total prepayment and other assets 1,768 1,462
Financial assets in prepayments and other assets 624 526
(1)Non-financial assets
   
Withholding taxes and others primarily consist of input tax credits and Cenvat/VAT recoverable from Government of 
India. 
Deposit with corporation represents amounts deposited to settle certain employee-related obligations as and when they 
arise during the normal course of business. 
# Includes technology assets taken over by the Group from a customer as a part of transformation project which is not 
considered as distinct goods or services and the control related to the assets is not transferred to the Group in 
accordance with IFRS 15 - Revenue from contract with customers. Accordingly, the same has been considered as a 
reduction to the total contract value and accounted as Deferred contract cost. The Group has entered into financing 
arrangements with a third party for these assets. As of March 31, 2023, the financial liability pertaining to such 
arrangements amounts to $89 million. During fiscal 2023, $14 million was settled directly by the third party to the 
customer on behalf of the Group and accordingly considered as non-cash transaction (Refer to note 2.5). 
2.5 Other liabilities
Other liabilities comprise the following:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Current
Accrued compensation to employees(1)508 536
Accrued defined benefit liability (Refer to Note 2.14)(3)— 1
Accrued expenses(1)949 986
Withholding taxes and others(3)442 374
Retention money(1)2 2
Liabilities of controlled trusts (1)26 28
Deferred income- government grants(3)4 1
Liability towards contingent consideration(2)12 9
Capital creditors(1)82 57
Financial liability under option arrangements (Refer to Note 2.10)(2)(4)73 —
Other financial liabilities (1)#305 176
Total Current other liabilities 2,403 2,170
Non-current
Liability towards contingent consideration (Refer to Note 2.10)(2)— 7
Accrued compensation to employees(1)1 1
Accrued expenses(1)198 125
Accrued defined benefit liability (Refer to Note 2.14)(3)54 49
Deferred income - government grants (3)5 8
Deferred income(3)1 1
Financial liability under option arrangements (Refer to Note 2.10)(2)(4)— 86
Other non-financial liabilities(3)1 1
Other financial liabilities (1)#41 78
Total Non-current other liabilities 301 356
Total other liabilities 2,704 2,526
(1) Financial liability carried at amortized cost 2,112 1,989
(2) Financial liability carried at fair value through profit or loss 85 102
Financial liability under option arrangements on undiscounted basis (Refer to 
Note 2.5) 82 91
Financial liability towards contingent consideration on undiscounted basis 
(Refer to Note 2.10) 12 17
(3)    Non-financial liabilities
(4)     Represents liability related to options issued by the Group over the non-controlling interests in its subsidiaries
Accrued expenses primarily relate to cost of technical sub-contractors, telecommunication charges, legal and 
professional charges, brand building expenses, overseas travel expenses, office maintenance and cost of third party 
software and hardware.
# Deferred contract cost in note 2.4 includes technology assets taken over by the Group from a customer as a part of 
transformation project which is not considered as distinct goods or services and the control related to the assets is not 
transferred to the Group in accordance with IFRS 15 - Revenue from contract with customers. Accordingly, the same 
has been considered as a reduction to the total contract value and accounted as Deferred contract cost. The Group has 
entered into financing arrangements with a third party for these assets. As of March 31, 2023, the financial liability 
pertaining to such arrangements amounts to $89 million. During fiscal 2023, $14 million was settled directly by the 
third party to the customer on behalf of the Group and accordingly considered as non-cash transaction. 
2.6 Provisions and other contingencies 
Accounting policy
a. Provisions
A provision is recognized if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that is 
reasonably estimable, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. 
Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market 
assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.
Contingent liability is a possible obligation arising from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the entity or 
a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognized because it is not probable that an outflow of 
resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation or the amount of the obligation cannot 
be measured with sufficient reliability.
b. Post sales client support
 
The Group provides its clients with a fixed-period post-sales support for its fixed-price, fixed-timeframe contracts. 
Costs associated with such support services are accrued at the time related revenues are recorded and included in cost 
of sales. The Group estimates such costs based on historical experience and estimates are reviewed on a periodic basis 
for any material changes in assumptions and likelihood of occurrence.
 
c. Onerous contracts
 
Provisions for onerous contracts are recognized when the expected benefits to be derived by the Group from a contract 
are lower than the unavoidable costs of meeting the future obligations under the contract. Provisions for estimated 
losses, if any, on incomplete contracts are recorded in the period in which such losses become probable based on the 
estimated efforts or costs to complete the contract. The provision is measured at the present value of the lower of the 
expected cost of terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract. Before a provision 
is established the Group recognizes any impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract.
 
Provision for post sales client support and other provisions:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Post sales client support and other provisions 159 129
159 129
Provision for post sales client support represents costs associated with providing sales support services which are 
accrued at the time of recognition of revenues and are expected to be utilized over a period of 1 year.
The movement in the provision for post sales client support is as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023
Balance at the beginning 123
Translation differences (6)
Impact on adoption of amendment to IAS 37 2
Provision recognized / (reversed) 57
Provision utilized (17)
Balance at the end 159 
Provision for post sales client support and other provisions is included in cost of sales in the consolidated statement 
of comprehensive income.
As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, claims against the Group, not acknowledged as debts (excluding demands 
from income tax authorities- Refer to Note 2.18) amounted to $85 million (₹700 crore) and $84 million (₹640 crore), 
respectively.
2.7 Property, plant and equipment 
Accounting policy 
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. Costs directly 
attributable to acquisition are capitalized until the property, plant and equipment are ready for use, as intended by 
management. The charge in respect of periodic depreciation is derived at after determining an estimate of an asset’s 
expected useful life and the expected residual value at the end of its life. The Group depreciates property, plant and 
equipment over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives of assets are as 
follows:
 
Buildings 22 - 25 years
Plant and machinery(1)5 years
Computer equipment 3-5 years
Furniture and fixtures 5 years
Vehicles 5 years
Leasehold improvements Lower of useful life of the asset or lease term
(1)Includes solar plant with a useful life of 25 years. 
Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed periodically, including at each financial year end. 
The useful lives are based on historical experience with similar assets as well as anticipation of future events, which 
may impact their life, such as changes in technology.
 
Advances paid towards the acquisition of property, plant and equipment outstanding at each balance sheet date and 
the cost of assets not ready to use before such date are disclosed under ‘Capital work-in-progress’. Subsequent 
expenditures relating to property, plant and equipment is capitalized only when it is probable that future economic 
benefits associated with these will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The cost and 
related accumulated depreciation are eliminated from the financial statements upon sale or retirement of the asset. 
Impairment
Property, plant and equipment are evaluated for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate 
that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing, the recoverable amount 
(i.e. the higher of the fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is determined on an individual asset basis unless 
the asset does not generate cash flows that are largely independent of those from other assets. In such cases, the 
recoverable amount is determined for the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs.
 
If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized in the net profit in the statement of 
comprehensive income is measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds the estimated 
recoverable amount of the asset. An impairment loss is reversed in the net profit in the statement of comprehensive 
income if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. The carrying amount of 
the asset is increased to its revised recoverable amount, provided that this amount does not exceed the carrying amount 
that would have been determined (net of any accumulated depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognized for 
the asset in prior years. 
Following are the changes in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for fiscal 2023:
(Dollars in millions)
Land BuildingsPlant and
machineryComputer
equipmentFurniture
and fixtures Vehicles Total
Gross carrying value as of April 
1, 2022 188 1,481 653 1,125 423 6 3,876
Additions - Business Combination 
(Refer to Note 2.10) — — 1 1 — — 2
Additions — 42 57 187 62 — 348
Deletions* — — (32) (191) (45) — (268)
Translation difference (14) (116) (54) (85) (31) — (300)
Gross carrying value as of 
March 31, 2023 174 1,407 625 1,037 409 6 3,658
Accumulated depreciation as of 
April 1, 2022 — (541) (484) (796) (324) (5) (2,150 )
Depreciation — (54) (58) (164) (44) — (320)
Accumulated depreciation on 
deletions* — — 32 190 44 — 266
Translation difference — 43 42 61 24 — 170
Accumulated depreciation as of 
March 31, 2023 — (552) (468) (709) (300) (5) (2,034 )
Capital work-in-progress as of 
March 31, 2023 55
Carrying value as of March 31, 
2023 174 855 157 328 109 1 1,679
Capital work-in-progress as of 
April 1, 2022 67
Carrying value as of April 1, 2022 188 940 169 329 99 1 1,793
* During fiscal 2023, certain assets which were not in use having gross book value of $234 million (net book value: 
Nil), were retired 
Following are the changes in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for fiscal 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Land BuildingsPlant and
machineryComputer
equipmentFurniture
and fixtures Vehicles Total
Gross carrying value as of April 
1, 2021 191 1,445 679 1,045 416 6 3,782
Additions 4 81 47 206 26 — 364
Deletions* — — (50) (90) (7) — (147)
Translation difference (7) (45) (23) (36) (12) — (123)
Gross carrying value as of 
March 31, 2022 188 1,481 653 1,125 423 6 3,876
Accumulated depreciation as of 
April 1, 2021 — (503) (492) (771) (294) (4) (2,064 )
Depreciation — (56) (57) (141) (45) (1) (300)
Accumulated depreciation on 
deletions* — — 47 90 6 — 143
Translation difference — 18 18 26 9 — 71
Accumulated depreciation as of 
March 31, 2022 — (541) (484) (796) (324) (5) (2,150 )
Capital work-in-progress as of 
March 31, 2022 67
Carrying value as of March 31, 
2022 188 940 169 329 99 1 1,793
Capital work-in-progress as of 
April 1, 2021 145
Carrying value as of April 1, 2021 191 942 187 274 122 2 1,863
* During fiscal 2022, certain assets which were not in use having gross book value of $43 million (net book value: 
Nil), were retired 
Following are the changes in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment for fiscal 2021:
(Dollars in millions)
Land BuildingsPlant and
machineryComputer
equipmentFurniture
and fixtures Vehicles Total
Gross carrying value as of April 
1, 2020 174 1,324 621 882 381 6 3,388
Additions 11 70 39 156 26 — 302
Additions- Business Combinations 
(Refer to Note 2.10) — — — 1 — — 1
Deletions — — (4) (29) (6) — (39)
Translation difference 6 51 23 35 15 — 130
Gross carrying value as of 
March 31, 2021 191 1,445 679 1,045 416 6 3,782
Accumulated depreciation as of 
April 1, 2020 — (434) (418) (646) (243) (4) (1,745 )
Depreciation — (52) (63) (129) (47) (1) (292)
Accumulated depreciation on 
deletions — — 4 27 6 — 37
Translation difference — (17) (15) (23) (10) 1 (64)
Accumulated depreciation as of 
March 31, 2021 — (503) (492) (771) (294) (4) (2,064 )
Capital work-in-progress as of 
March 31, 2021 145
Carrying value as of March 31, 
2021 191 942 187 274 122 2 1,863
Capital work-in-progress as of 
April 1, 2020 167
Carrying value as of April 1, 2020 174 890 203 236 138 2 1,810
The aggregate depreciation expense is included in cost of sales in the consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income. 
Repairs and maintenance costs are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income when incurred.
The Group had contractual commitments for capital expenditure primarily comprising of commitments for 
infrastructure facilities and computer equipment aggregating to $117 million and $164 million as of March 31, 2023, 
and March 31, 2022, respectively. 
2.8 Leases
Accounting Policy
The Group as a lessee
The Group’s lease asset classes primarily consist of leases for land, buildings and computers. The Group assesses 
whether a contract contains a lease, at inception of a contract. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys 
the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. To assess whether 
a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group assesses whether: (1) the contract 
involves the use of an identified asset (2) the Group has substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the asset 
through the period of the lease and (3) the Group has the right to direct the use of the asset. 
At the date of commencement of the lease, the Group recognizes a right-of-use asset (“ROU”) and a corresponding 
lease liability for all lease arrangements in which it is a lessee, except for leases with a term of twelve months or less 
(short-term leases) and low value leases. For these short-term and low value leases, the Group recognizes the lease 
payments as an operating expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
As a lessee, the Group determines the lease term as the non-cancellable period of a lease adjusted with any option to 
extend or terminate the lease, if the use of such option is reasonably certain. The Group makes an assessment on the 
expected lease term on a lease-by-lease basis and thereby assesses whether it is reasonably certain that any options to 
extend or terminate the contract will be exercised. In evaluating the lease term, the Company considers factors such 
as any significant leasehold improvements undertaken over the lease term, costs relating to the termination of the lease 
and the importance of the underlying asset to Infosys’s operations taking into account the location of the underlying 
asset and the availability of suitable alternatives. The lease term in future periods is reassessed to ensure that the lease 
term reflects the current economic circumstances.
Certain lease arrangements include the options to extend or terminate the lease before the end of the lease term. ROU 
assets and lease liabilities includes these options when it is reasonably certain that they will be exercised.
The ROU assets are initially recognized at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for 
any lease payments made at or prior to the commencement date of the lease plus any initial direct costs less any lease 
incentives. They are subsequently measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.
ROU assets are depreciated from the commencement date on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term 
and useful life of the underlying asset. 
ROU assets are evaluated for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying 
amounts may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing, the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of the 
fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is determined on an individual asset basis unless the asset does not 
generate cash flows that are largely independent of those from other assets. In such cases, the recoverable amount is 
determined for the Cash Generating Unit (CGU) to which the asset belongs.
The lease liability is initially measured at amortized cost at the present value of the future lease payments. The lease 
payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if not readily determinable, using the 
incremental borrowing rates in the country of domicile of these leases. Lease liabilities are remeasured with a 
corresponding adjustment to the related right of use asset if the Group changes its assessment if whether it will exercise 
an extension or a termination option.
Lease liability and ROU asset have been separately presented in the Balance Sheet and lease payments have been 
classified as financing cash flows.
The Group as a lessor
Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as a finance or operating lease. Whenever the terms of the lease 
transfer substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership to the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. 
All other leases are classified as operating leases.
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sublease separately. 
The sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the ROU asset arising from the head lease.
For operating leases, rental income is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
Following are the changes in the carrying value of right of use assets for the year ended March 31, 2023: 
(Dollars in millions)
Category of ROU asset
Land Buildings Vehicles Computers Total
Balance as of April 1, 2022 83 489 2 62 636
Additions* — 107 1 328 436
Deletions — (5) — (46) (51)
Depreciation (1) (84) (1) (61) (147)
Translation difference (6) (33) — 2 (37)
Balance as of March 31, 2023 76 474 2 285 837
* Net of adjustments on account of modifications and lease incentives
Following are the changes in the carrying value of right of use assets for the year ended March 31, 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Category of ROU asset
Land Buildings Vehicles Computers Total
Balance as of April 1, 2021 86 545 3 22 656
Additions* — 60 — 63 123
Deletions — (11) — (6) (17)
Depreciation (1) (88) (1) (15) (105)
Translation difference (2) (17) — (2) (21)
Balance as of March 31, 2022 83 489 2 62 636
* Net of adjustments on account of modifications and lease incentives
Following are the changes in the carrying value of right of use assets for the year ended March 31, 2021:
(Dollars in millions)
Category of ROU asset
Land Buildings Vehicles Computers Total
Balance as of April 1, 2020 83 461 2 5 551
Additions* 1 168 1 19 189
Deletions — (20) — — (20)
Depreciation (1) (80) (1) (4) (86)
Translation difference 3 16 1 2 22
Balance as of March 31, 2021 86 545 3 22 656
* Net of adjustments on account of modifications and lease incentives
The aggregate depreciation expense on ROU assets is included in cost of sales in the consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income.
The following is the break-up of current and non-current lease liabilities:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Current lease liabilities 151 115
Non-current lease liabilities 859 607
Total 1,010 722 
The following is the movement in lease liabilities:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Balance at the beginning 722 728 612
Additions 434 125 204
Finance cost accrued during the period 30 24 24
Deletions (6) (18) (23)
Payment of lease liabilities (152) (128) (111)
Translation difference (18) (9) 22
Balance at the end 1,010 722 728
The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of lease liabilities on an undiscounted basis:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Less than one year 219 131
One to five years 663 430
More than five years 241 262
Total 1,123 823
The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities as the current assets are sufficient 
to meet the obligations related to lease liabilities as and when they fall due.
Rental expense recorded for short-term leases was $12 million, $8 million and $11 million for fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 
and fiscal 2021, respectively.
The following is the movement in the net-investment in sublease of ROU asset:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Balance at the beginning 49 53 58
Additions 1 1 —
Interest income accrued during the period 2 2 2
Lease receipts (8) (7) (7)
Balance at the end 44 49 53
The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of net investment in sublease of ROU asset on 
an undiscounted basis:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Less than one year 8 7
One to five years 32 31
More than five years 8 17
Total 48 55
Leases not yet commenced to which Group is committed is $21 million for a lease term ranging from 3 years to 10 
years.
2.9 Goodwill and intangible assets 
2.9.1 Goodwill 
Accounting policy
 
Goodwill represents the purchase consideration in excess of the Group's interest in the net fair value of identifiable 
assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the acquired entity. When the net fair value of the identifiable assets, 
liabilities and contingent liabilities acquired exceeds the purchase consideration, the fair value of net assets acquired 
is reassessed and the bargain purchase gain is recognized immediately in the net profit in the statement of 
comprehensive income. Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses.
Impairment
Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis and whenever there is an indication that the recoverable amount 
of a cash generating unit (CGU) is less than its carrying amount. For the impairment test, goodwill is allocated to the 
CGU or groups of CGUs which benefit from the synergies of the acquisition and which represents the lowest level at 
which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. A CGU is the smallest identifiable group of assets 
that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or group of assets. 
Impairment occurs when the carrying amount of a CGU including the goodwill, exceeds the estimated recoverable 
amount of the CGU. The recoverable amount of a CGU is the higher of its fair value less cost to sell and its value-in-
use. Value-in-use is the present value of future cash flows expected to be derived from the CGU. Key assumptions in 
the cash flow projections are prepared based on current economic conditions and includes estimated long term growth 
rates, weighted average cost of capital and estimated operating margins.
Following is a summary of changes in the carrying amount of goodwill:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Carrying value at the beginning 817 832
Goodwill on acquisitions during the year (Refer to Note 2.10) 79 —
Translation differences (14) (15)
Carrying value at the end 882 817
For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the cash generating 
units (CGU) or groups of CGUs, which are benefited from the synergies of the acquisition. The Group internally 
reviews the goodwill for impairment at the operating segment level, after allocation of the goodwill to CGUs or groups 
of CGUs.
The following table presents the allocation of goodwill to operating segments as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 
2022:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
Segments March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Financial services 178 180
Retail 113 108
Communication 81 82
Energy, utilities, Resources and Services 140 141
Manufacturing 70 66
Life Sciences 115 54
697 631
Operating segments without significant goodwill 68 69
Total 765 700 
The goodwill pertaining to Panaya is tested for impairment at the entity level as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 
2022, amounting to $117 million and $117 million, respectively.
The recoverable amount of a CGU is the higher of its fair value less cost to sell and its value-in-use. The fair value of 
a CGU is determined based on the market capitalization. Value-in-use is determined based on discounted future cash 
flows. 
The key assumptions used for the calculations are as follows: 
    (in %)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Long term growth rate 8-10 8-10
Operating margins 19-21 19-21
Discount rate 13 12
The above discount rate is based on the Weighted Average Cost of Capital (WACC) of the Company. As of March 
31, 2023, the estimated recoverable amount of the CGU exceeded its carrying amount. Reasonable sensitivities in key 
assumptions are unlikely to cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount of the cash generating units.
2.9.2 Intangible assets
Accounting policy
 
Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment. Intangible assets are amortized over 
their respective individual estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis, from the date that they are available for use. 
The estimated useful life of an identifiable intangible asset is based on a number of factors including the effects of 
obsolescence, demand, competition, and other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry and known 
technological advances) and the level of maintenance expenditures required to obtain the expected future cash flows 
from the asset. Amortization methods and useful lives are reviewed periodically including at each financial year end.
 
Research costs are expensed as incurred. Software product development costs are expensed as incurred unless 
technical and commercial feasibility of the project is demonstrated, future economic benefits are probable, the 
Company has an intention and ability to complete and use or sell the software and the costs can be measured reliably. 
The costs which can be capitalized include the cost of material, direct labour, overhead costs that are directly 
attributable to preparing the asset for its intended use. 
Impairment
Intangible assets are evaluated for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their 
carrying amounts may not be recoverable. For the purpose of impairment testing, the recoverable amount (i.e., the 
higher of the fair value less cost to sell and the value-in-use) is determined on an individual asset basis unless the asset 
does not generate cash flows that are largely independent of those from other assets. In such cases, the recoverable 
amount is determined for the CGU to which the asset belongs.
 
If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized in the net profit in the statement of 
comprehensive income is measured by the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds the estimated 
recoverable amount of the asset. An impairment loss is reversed in the net profit in the statement of comprehensive 
income if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. The carrying amount of 
the asset is increased to its revised recoverable amount, provided that this amount does not exceed the carrying amount 
that would have been determined (net of any accumulated amortization) had no impairment loss been recognized for 
the asset in prior years. 
Following are the changes in the carrying value of acquired intangible assets for fiscal 2023:
(Dollars in millions)
Customer
relatedSoftware
relatedMarketing
related Others* Total
Gross carrying value as of April 1, 2022 274 121 40 90 525
Additions during the period — 8 — — 8
Acquisition through business combination (Refer 
note no. 2.10) 34 — 3 4 41
Translation differences (1) (2) (1) — (4)
Gross carrying value as of March 31, 2023 307 127 42 94 570
Accumulated amortization as of April 1, 2022 (169) (75) (19) (37) (300)
Amortization expense (29) (10) (6) (15) (60)
Translation differences 2 — 1 — 3
Accumulated amortization as of March 31, 2023 (196) (85) (24) (52) (357)
Carrying value as of March 31, 2023 111 42 18 42 213
Carrying value as of April 1, 2022 105 46 21 53 225
Estimated Useful Life (in years) 1-15 3-10 3-10 3-7
Estimated Remaining Useful Life (in years) 1-11 1-6 1-7 1-5
* Majorly includes intangibles related to vendor relationships
Following are the changes in the carrying value of acquired intangible assets for fiscal 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
Customer
relatedSoftware
relatedMarketing
related Others* Total
Gross carrying value as of April 1, 2021 282 112 40 91 525
Additions during the period — 11 — — 11
Translation differences (8) (2) — (1) (11)
Gross carrying value as of March 31, 2022 274 121 40 90 525
Accumulated amortization as of April 1, 2021 (139) (67) (14) (22) (242)
Amortization expense (32) (9) (5) (16) (62)
Translation differences 2 1 — 1 4
Accumulated amortization as of March 31, 2022 (169) (75) (19) (37) (300)
Carrying value as of March 31, 2022 105 46 21 53 225
Carrying value as of April 1, 2021 143 45 26 69 283
Estimated Useful Life (in years) 1-15 3-10 3-10 3-7
Estimated Remaining Useful Life (in years) 1-12 1-7 1-8 1-6
* Majorly includes intangibles related to vendor relationships 
Following are the changes in the carrying value of acquired intangible assets for fiscal 2021:
(Dollars in millions)
Customer
relatedSoftware
relatedMarketing
related Others* Total
Gross carrying value as of April 1, 2020 248 92 32 54 426
Additions during the period — 14 — — 14
Acquisition through business combination (Refer to 
Note 2.10) 24 4 8 36 72
Translation differences 10 2 — 1 13
Gross carrying value as of March 31, 2021 282 112 40 91 525
Accumulated amortization as of April 1, 2020 (100) (59) (9) (7) (175)
Amortization expense (37) (7) (5) (14) (63)
Translation differences (2) (1) — (1) (4)
Accumulated amortization as of March 31, 2021 (139) (67) (14) (22) (242)
Carrying value as of March 31, 2021 143 45 26 69 283
Carrying value as of April 1, 2020 148 33 23 47 251
Estimated Useful Life (in years) 1-15 3-10 3-10 3-7
Estimated Remaining Useful Life (in years) 1-13 1-8 1-9 1-7
* Majorly includes intangibles related to vendor relationships
The amortization expense has been included under depreciation and amortization expense under cost of sales in the 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
Research and development expense recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, for fiscal 
2023, 2022 and 2021 was $129 million, $124 million and $127 million, respectively.
2.10 Business combinations 
Accounting Policy:
Business combinations have been accounted for using the acquisition method under the provisions of IFRS 3 
(Revised), Business Combinations.
 
The purchase price in an acquisition is measured at the fair value of the assets transferred, equity instruments issued 
and liabilities incurred or assumed at the date of acquisition, which is the date on which control is transferred to the 
Group. The purchase price also includes the fair value of any contingent consideration. Identifiable assets acquired 
and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair value on 
the date of acquisition. Contingent consideration is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date and changes in the 
fair value of the contingent consideration are recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
The interest of non-controlling shareholders is initially measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests’ 
proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. The choice of measurement basis is made on an 
acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Subsequent to acquisition, the carrying amount of non-controlling interests is the 
amount of those interests at initial recognition plus the non-controlling interests’ share of subsequent changes in equity 
of subsidiaries.
Business combinations between entities under common control is outside the scope of IFRS 3 (Revised), Business 
Combinations and is accounted for at carrying value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
The payments related to options issued by the Group over the non-controlling interests in its subsidiaries are accounted 
as financial liabilities and initially recognized at the estimated present value of gross obligations. Such options are 
subsequently measured at fair value in order to reflect the amount payable under the option at the date at which it 
becomes exercisable. In the event that the option expires unexercised, the liability is derecognized. 
Acquisitions during the year ended March 31, 2023
During fiscal 2023, the Group completed two business combinations to complement its digital offerings by acquiring 
100% voting interests in:
 
1)  oddity GmbH, oddity group services GmbH, oddity space GmbH, oddity jungle GmbH, oddity code GmbH and 
oddity waves GmbH (collectively known as oddity), a Germany-based digital marketing, experience, and commerce 
agencies on April 20, 2022; and
 
2)  BASE life science A/S, a consulting and technology firm in the life Science industry in Europe on September 1, 
2022.
 
These acquisitions are expected to strengthen the Group’s creative, branding and experience design capabilities and 
augment the Group’s life sciences expertise, scales its digital transformation capabilities with cloud based industry 
solutions and expand its presence across Europe.
 
The purchase price is allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon determination of fair values at 
the dates of acquisition as follows:
(Dollars in  millions)
ComponentAcquiree's
carrying
amountFair value
adjustmentsPurchase price
allocated
Net assets(1)12 — 12
Intangible assets
Customer contracts and relationships — 34 34
Vendor relationships — 4 4
Brand — 3 3
Deferred tax liabilities on intangible assets — (10) (10)
12 31 43
Goodwill 79
Total purchase price 122
 
(1) Includes cash and cash equivalents acquired of $3 million
 
The excess of the purchase consideration paid over the fair value of assets acquired has been attributed to goodwill. 
The primary items that generated this goodwill are the value of the acquired assembled workforce and estimated 
synergies, neither of which qualify as an intangible asset.
 
Goodwill is not tax-deductible. Goodwill pertaining to these business combinations is allocated to operating segments 
as more fully described in Note 2.9.
 
The purchase consideration of $122 million includes cash consideration of $116 million and contingent consideration 
with an estimated fair value of $6 million as on the date of acquisition.
At the acquisition date, the key inputs used in determination of the fair value of contingent consideration are the 
probabilities assigned towards achievement of financial targets and discount rate of 12.5%. The undiscounted value 
of contingent consideration as of March 31, 2023 was $7 million.
 
Additionally, these acquisitions have employee retention bonus payable to the employees of the acquiree over three 
years, subject to their continuous employment with the Group along with achievement of financial targets for the 
respective years. Performance and Retention Bonus is recognized in employee benefit expenses in the Consolidated 
Statement of Comprehensive Income over the period of service.
 
Fair value of trade receivables acquired, is $14 million as of acquisition date and as of March 31, 2023 the amounts 
are substantially collected. 
 
Transaction costs that the Group incurs in connection with a business combination such as finders’ fees, legal fees, 
due diligence fees, and other professional and consulting fees are expensed as incurred. The transaction costs of $1 
million related to the acquisition have been included under administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income for the year ended March 31, 2023.
Acquisitions during the year ended March 31, 2021
 
During fiscal 2021, the Group, completed three business combinations to complement its digital offerings and end to 
end customer experience offerings to customers by acquiring 100% voting interests in:
(i) GuideVision, s.r.o a ServiceNow Elite Partner based in Europe on October 1, 2020
(ii) Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc., a U.S. based product design and development services focused primarily 
on medical devices on October 9, 2020, and
(iii) Beringer Commerce Inc. and Beringer Capital Digital Group Inc., collectively known as Blue Acorn iCi, 
an Adobe Platinum partner in the United States, and a leader in digital customer experience, commerce 
and analytics, on October 27, 2020
 
The purchase price is allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon determination of fair values at 
the dates of acquisition as follows:
 
(Dollars in  millions)
ComponentAcquiree's
carrying
amountFair value
adjustmentsPurchase price
allocated
Net assets(1)18 — 18
Intangible Assets
Vendor Relationships — 36 36
Customer Contracts and Relationships — 24 24
Brand — 8 8
Software — 4 4
Deferred tax liabilities on intangible assets — (3) (3)
18 69 87
Goodwill 102
Total purchase price 189
(1) Includes cash and cash equivalents acquired of $11 million
 
The excess of the purchase consideration paid over the fair value of net assets acquired has been attributed to goodwill. 
Goodwill majorly includes value expected from increase in revenues from various new streams of business, addition 
of new customers, and estimated synergies which does not qualify as an intangible asset.
 
Goodwill amounting to $70 million is not tax deductible. Goodwill pertaining to these business combinations is 
allocated to operating segments as more fully described in Note 2.9.
 
The purchase consideration of $189 million includes cash consideration of $176 million and contingent consideration 
with a fair value of $13 million as on the date of acquisition.
 
At the acquisition date, the key inputs used in determination of the fair value of contingent consideration are the 
probabilities assigned towards achievement of financial targets and discount rates ranging from 12% to 13.5%. There 
was no contingent consideration as of March 31, 2023.
 
Additionally, these acquisitions have retention payouts payable to the employees of the acquiree over the next one to 
two years, subject to their continuous employment with the group along with achievement of financial targets for the  
respective years. Retention bonus is recognized in employee benefit expenses in the statement of comprehensive 
income over the period of service.
 
Fair value of trade receivables acquired, is $15 million as of acquisition date and as of March 31, 2023, the amounts 
are substantially collected.
 
Transaction costs that the Group incurs in connection with a business combination such as finders’ fees, legal fees, 
due diligence fees, and other professional and consulting fees are expensed as incurred. The transaction costs of $2 
million related to the acquisition have been included under administrative expenses in the statement of comprehensive 
income for the year ended March 31, 2021.
2.11 Revenue from operations
Accounting policy
 
The Group derives revenues primarily from IT services comprising software development and related services, cloud 
and infrastructure services, maintenance, consulting and package implementation, licensing of software products and 
platforms across the Group’s core and digital offerings (together called as “software related services”) and business 
process management services. Contracts with customers are either on a time-and-material, unit of work, fixed-price 
or fixed-timeframe basis.
Revenues from customer contracts are considered for recognition and measurement when the contract has been 
approved in writing, by the parties, to the contract, the parties to the contract are committed to perform their respective 
obligations under the contract, and the contract is legally enforceable. Revenue is recognized upon transfer of control 
of promised products or services (“performance obligations”) to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration 
the Group has received or expects to receive in exchange for these products or services (“transaction price”). When 
there is uncertainty as to collectability, revenue recognition is postponed until such uncertainty is resolved.
The Group assesses the services promised in a contract and identifies distinct performance obligations in the contract. 
The Group allocates the transaction price to each distinct performance obligation based on the relative standalone 
selling price. The price that is regularly charged for an item when sold separately is the best evidence of its standalone 
selling price. In the absence of such evidence, the primary method used to estimate standalone selling price is the 
expected cost plus a margin, under which the Group estimates the cost of satisfying the performance obligation and 
then adds an appropriate margin based on similar services.
The Group’s contracts may include variable consideration including rebates, volume discounts and penalties. The 
Group includes variable consideration as part of transaction price when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the 
amount of the variable consideration and when it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue 
recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved.
Revenue on time-and-material and unit of work-based contracts, are recognized as the related services are performed. 
Fixed price maintenance revenue is recognized ratably either on a straight-line basis when services are performed 
through an indefinite number of repetitive acts over a specified period or ratably using a percentage of completion 
method when the pattern of benefits from the services rendered to the customer and Group’s costs to fulfil the contract 
is not even through the period of contract because the services are generally discrete in nature and not repetitive. 
Revenue from other fixed-price, fixed-timeframe contracts, where the performance obligations are satisfied over time 
is recognized using the percentage-of-completion method. Efforts or costs expended are used to determine progress 
towards completion as there is a direct relationship between input and productivity. Progress towards completion is 
measured as the ratio of costs or efforts incurred to date (representing work performed) to the estimated total costs or 
efforts. Estimates of transaction price and total costs or efforts are continuously monitored over the term of the 
contracts and are recognized in net profit in the period when these estimates change or when the estimates are revised. 
Revenues and the estimated total costs or efforts are subject to revision as the contract progresses. Provisions for 
estimated losses, if any, on incomplete contracts are recorded in the period in which such losses become probable 
based on the estimated efforts or costs to complete the contract.
The billing schedules agreed with customers include periodic performance-based billing and / or milestone-based 
progress billings. Revenues in excess of billing are classified as unbilled revenue while billing in excess of revenues 
are classified as contract liabilities (which we refer to as unearned revenues). 
In arrangements for software development and related services and maintenance services, by applying the revenue 
recognition criteria for each distinct performance obligation, the arrangements with customers generally meet the 
criteria for considering software development and related services as distinct performance obligations. For allocating 
the transaction price, the Group measures the revenue in respect of each performance obligation of a contract at its 
relative standalone selling price. The price that is regularly charged for an item when sold separately is the best 
evidence of its standalone selling price. In cases where the Group is unable to determine the standalone selling price, 
the Group uses the expected cost-plus margin approach in estimating the standalone selling price. For software 
development and related services, the performance obligations are satisfied as and when the services are rendered 
since the customer generally obtains control of the work as it progresses.
Certain cloud and infrastructure services contracts include multiple elements which may be subject to other specific 
accounting guidance, such as leasing guidance. These contracts are accounted in accordance with such specific 
accounting guidance. In such arrangements where the Group is able to determine that hardware and services are 
distinct performance obligations, it allocates the consideration to these performance obligations on a relative 
standalone selling price basis. In the absence of standalone selling price, the Group uses the expected cost-plus margin 
approach in estimating the standalone selling price. When such arrangements are considered as a single performance 
obligation, revenue is recognized over the period and measure of progress is determined based on promise in the 
contract.
Revenue from licenses where the customer obtains a “right to use” the licenses is recognized at the time the license is 
made available to the customer. Revenue from licenses where the customer obtains a “right to access” is recognized 
over the access period.
Arrangements to deliver software products generally have three elements: license, implementation and Annual 
Technical Services (ATS). When implementation services are provided in conjunction with the licensing arrangement 
and the license and implementation have been identified as two distinct separate performance obligations, the 
transaction price for such contracts are allocated to each performance obligation of the contract based on their relative 
standalone selling prices. In the absence of standalone selling price for implementation, the Group uses the expected 
cost-plus margin approach in estimating the standalone selling price. Where the license is required to be substantially 
customized as part of the implementation service the entire arrangement fee for license and implementation is 
considered to be a single performance obligation and the revenue is recognized using the percentage-of-completion 
method as the implementation is performed. Revenue from client training, support and other services arising due to 
the sale of software products is recognized as the performance obligations are satisfied. ATS revenue is recognized 
ratably on a straight-line basis over the period in which the services are rendered.
Contracts with customers includes subcontractor services or third-party vendor equipment or software in certain 
integrated services arrangements. In these types of arrangements, revenue from sales of third-party vendor products 
or services is recorded net of costs when the Group is acting as an agent between the customer and the vendor, and 
gross when the Group is the principal for the transaction. In doing so, the Group first evaluates whether it controls the 
good or service before it is transferred to the customer. The Group considers whether it has the primary obligation to 
fulfil the contract, inventory risk, pricing discretion and other factors to determine whether it controls the goods or 
service and therefore, is acting as a principal or an agent.
The incremental costs of obtaining a contract (i.e., costs that would not have been incurred if the contract had not been 
obtained) are recognized as an asset if the Group expects to recover them. 
Certain eligible, nonrecurring costs (e.g., set-up or transition or transformation costs) that do not represent a separate 
performance obligation are recognized as an asset when such costs (a) relate directly to the contract; (b) generate or 
enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying the performance obligation in the future; and (c) are 
expected to be recovered. 
Capitalized contract costs relating to upfront payments to customers are amortized to revenue and other capitalized 
costs are amortized to cost of sales over the respective contract life on a systematic basis consistent with the transfer 
of goods or services to customer to which the asset relates. Capitalized costs are monitored regularly for impairment. 
Impairment losses are recorded when present value of projected remaining operating cash flows is not sufficient to 
recover the carrying amount of the capitalized costs.
The Group presents revenues net of indirect taxes in its statement of comprehensive income. 
Revenues for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Revenue from software services 17,072 15,225 12,604
Revenue from products and platforms 1,140 1,086 957
Total Revenue from Operations 18,212 16,311 13,561
Disaggregated revenue information
The table below presents disaggregated revenues from contracts with customers by geography and offerings for each 
of our business segments. The Group believes this disaggregation best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and 
uncertainty of revenues and cash flows are affected by industry, market and other economic factors.
Year ended March 31, 2023
(Dollars in millions)
ParticularsFinancial 
Services(1)Retail(2)Communication(3)Energy,
Utilities,
Resources
and Services Manufacturing Hi TechLife
Sciences(4)Others(5)Total
Revenues by Geography*
North America 3,488 1,825 1,354 1,234 938 1,378 910 135 11,262
Europe 915 663 477 868 1,348 34 320 45 4,670
India 237 9 20 26 11 52 3 120 478
Rest of the world 794 135 395 172 60 8 18 220 1,802
Total 5,434 2,632 2,246 2,300 2,357 1,472 1,251 520 18,212
Revenue by offerings
Digital 2,980 1,733 1,485 1,442 1,685 945 793 255 11,318
Core 2,454 899 761 858 672 527 458 265 6,894
Total 5,434 2,632 2,246 2,300 2,357 1,472 1,251 520 18,212
Year ended March 31, 2022
(Dollars in millions)
ParticularsFinancial 
Services(1)Retail(2)Communication(3)Energy,
Utilities,
Resources
and Services Manufacturing Hi TechLife
Sciences(4)Others(5)Total
Revenues by 
Geography*
North America 3,274 1,608 1,136 996 845 1,253 828 126 10,066
Europe 905 639 483 773 884 30 295 30 4,039
India 259 12 42 21 9 55 4 78 480
Rest of the world 780 120 374 152 49 8 15 228 1,726
Total 5,218 2,379 2,035 1,942 1,787 1,346 1,142 462 16,311
Revenue by 
offerings
Digital 2,735 1,456 1,247 1,128 1,103 780 660 194 9,303
Core 2,483 923 788 814 684 566 482 268 7,008
Total 5,218 2,379 2,035 1,942 1,787 1,346 1,142 462 16,311
Year ended March 31, 2021
(Dollars in millions)
ParticularsFinancial 
Services(1)Retail(2)Communication(3)Energy,
Utilities,
Resources
and Services Manufacturing Hi TechLife
Sciences(4)Others(5)Total
Revenues by Geography*
North America 2,636 1,313 916 935 692 1,086 638 104 8,320
Europe 865 562 390 605 535 22 272 29 3,280
India 212 8 31 5 7 40 2 87 392
Rest of the world 686 108 366 147 41 7 15 199 1,569
Total 4,399 1,991 1,703 1,692 1,275 1,155 927 419 13,561
Revenue by offerings
Digital 2,100 1,040 874 821 617 562 408 155 6,577
Core 2,299 951 829 871 658 593 519 264 6,984
Total 4,399 1,991 1,703 1,692 1,275 1,155 927 419 13,561 
(1) Financial Services include enterprises in Financial Services and Insurance
(2) Retail includes enterprises in Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics 
(3) Communication includes enterprises in Communication, Telecom OEM and Media
(4) Life Sciences includes enterprises in Life sciences and Health care
(5) Others include operating segments of businesses in India, Japan, China, Infosys Public Services & other 
enterprises in Public Services
*       Geographical revenues are based on the domicile of customer
The percentage of revenue from fixed price contracts for each of fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 is approximately 52%, 
53% and 53%, respectively. 
Digital Services
Digital Services comprise of service and solution offerings of the Group that enable our clients to transform their 
businesses. These include offerings that enhance customer experience, leverage AI-based analytics and big data, 
engineer digital products and IoT, modernize legacy technology systems, migrate to cloud applications and implement 
advanced cybersecurity systems.
Core Services
Core Services comprise traditional offerings of the Group that have scaled and industrialized over a number of years. 
These primarily include application management services, proprietary application development services, independent 
validation solutions, product engineering and management, infrastructure management services, traditional enterprise 
application implementation, support and integration services, and business process management.
Products & platforms
The Group also derives revenues from the sale of products and platforms including Finacle – core banking solution, 
Edge Suite of products, Panaya platform, Infosys Equinox, Infosys Helix, Infosys Applied AI, Infosys Cortex, Stater 
digital platform and Infosys McCamish – insurance platform.
Trade Receivables and Contract Balances
The timing of revenue recognition, billings and cash collections results in Receivables, Unbilled Revenue, and 
Unearned Revenue on the Group’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Amounts are billed as work progresses in accordance 
with agreed-upon contractual terms, either at periodic intervals (e.g., monthly or quarterly) or upon achievement of 
contractual milestones.
The Group’s Receivables are rights to consideration that are unconditional. Unbilled revenues comprising revenues 
in excess of billings from time & material contracts and fixed price maintenance contracts are classified as a financial 
asset when the right to consideration is unconditional and is due only after a passage of time.
Invoicing to the clients for other fixed price contracts is based on milestones as defined in the contract and therefore, 
the timing of revenue recognition is different from the timing of invoicing to the customers. Therefore, Unbilled 
Revenues for other fixed price contracts (contract asset) are classified as non-financial asset because the right to 
consideration is dependent on completion of contractual milestones.
Invoicing in excess of earnings are classified as unearned revenue.
Trade receivable and unbilled revenues are presented net of impairment in the consolidated statements of financial 
position.
During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Group recognized revenue of $669 million, $476 million and $336 million, 
respectively, arising from opening unearned revenue as of April 1, 2022, April 1, 2021, and April 1, 2020.
  
During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, $739 million, $543 million and $515 million of unbilled revenue pertaining to 
other fixed price, fixed time frame contracts as of April 1, 2022, April 1, 2021, and April 1, 2020, respectively, has 
been reclassified to trade receivables upon billing to customers on completion of milestones. 
Remaining performance obligations
The remaining performance obligation disclosure provides the aggregate amount of the transaction price yet to be 
recognized as of the end of the reporting period and an explanation as to when the Group expects to recognize these 
amounts in revenue. Applying the practical expedient as given in IFRS 15, the Group has not disclosed the remaining 
performance obligation related disclosures for contracts where the revenue recognized corresponds directly with the 
value to the customer of the entity's performance completed to date, typically those contracts where invoicing is on 
time & material basis and unit of work based contracts. Remaining performance obligation estimates are subject to 
change and are affected by several factors, including terminations, changes in the scope of contracts, periodic 
revalidations, adjustment for revenue that has not materialized and adjustments for currency fluctuations.
The aggregate value of performance obligations that are completely or partially unsatisfied as of March 31, 2023, 
other than those meeting the exclusion criteria mentioned above, is $9,841 million. Out of this, the Group expects to 
recognize revenue of around 57% within the next one year and the remaining thereafter. The aggregate value of 
performance obligations that were completely or partially unsatisfied as of March 31, 2022 was $9,797 million The 
contracts can generally be terminated by the customers and typically includes an enforceable termination penalty 
payable by them. Generally, customers have not terminated contracts without cause.
 
2.12 Unbilled revenue
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Unbilled financial asset (1)1,157 838
Unbilled non-financial asset (2)880 812
 2,037 1,650
(1)Right to consideration is unconditional and is due only after a passage of time.
(2)Right to consideration is dependent on completion of contractual milestones. 
2.13 Expenses by nature
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Employee benefit costs 9,729 8,585 7,493
Depreciation and amortization charges (Refer to Notes 2.7, 2.8 
and 2.9) 524 466 441
Travelling costs 190 110 75
Cost of technical sub-contractors 1,751 1,690 957
Cost of software packages for own use 240 190 165
Third party items bought for service delivery to clients 1,110 721 406
Consultancy and professional charges 210 253 171
Communication costs 89 82 86
Repairs and maintenance 169 163 190
Rates and Taxes 37 35 35
Provision for post-sales client support 15 10 5
Power and fuel 22 18 19
Commission to non-whole time directors 2 2 1
Branding and marketing expenses 112 74 48
Impairment loss recognized / (reversed) under expected credit loss 
model 35 23 25
Insurance charges 22 22 18
Contribution towards Corporate Social Responsibility 58 57 59
Short-term leases (Refer to Note 2.8) 12 8 11
Others 60 47 31
Total cost of sales, selling and marketing expenses and 
administrative expenses 14,387 12,556 10,236
Operating profit
Operating profit for the Group is computed considering the revenues, net of cost of sales, selling and marketing 
expenses and administrative expenses.
2.14 Employee benefits
Accounting policy
 
Gratuity and Pensions
 
The Group provides for gratuity, a defined benefit retirement plan ('the Gratuity Plan') covering eligible employees, 
majorly of Infosys and its Indian subsidiaries. The Gratuity Plan provides a lump-sum payment to vested employees 
at retirement, death, incapacitation or termination of employment, of an amount based on the respective employee's 
salary and the tenure of employment with the Group. The Company contributes gratuity liabilities to the Infosys 
Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund Trust (the Trust). In case of Infosys BPM and EdgeVerve, contributions are made 
to the Infosys BPM Employees’ Gratuity Fund Trust and EdgeVerve Systems Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund 
Trust, respectively. Trustees administer contributions made to the Trusts and contributions are invested in a scheme 
with Life Insurance Corporation of India as permitted by Indian Law.
The Group operates defined benefit pension plan in certain overseas jurisdictions, in accordance with the local laws. 
These plans are managed by third party fund managers. The plans provide for periodic payouts after retirement and/or 
a lumpsum payment as set out in rules of each fund and includes death and disability benefits. The defined benefit 
plans require contributions which are based on a percentage of salary that varies depending on the age of the respective 
employees. 
Liabilities with regard to these defined benefit plans are determined by actuarial valuation, performed by an 
independent actuary, at each Balance Sheet date using the projected unit credit method. These defined benefit plans 
expose the Group to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk, interest rate risk and market risk.
 
The Group recognizes the net obligation of a defined benefit plan in its Balance sheet as an asset or liability. Gains 
and losses through re-measurements of the net defined benefit liability/(asset) are recognized in other comprehensive 
income and not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods. The actual return of the portfolio of plan assets, in 
excess of the yields computed by applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation is 
recognized in other comprehensive income. The effect of any plan amendments are recognized in net profits in the 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
Provident fund
 
Eligible employees of Infosys receive benefits from a provident fund, which is a defined benefit plan. Both the eligible 
employee and the Company make monthly contributions to the provident fund plan equal to a specified percentage of 
the covered employee's salary. The Company contributes a portion to the Infosys Limited Employees' Provident Fund 
Trust. The trust invests in specific designated instruments as permitted by Indian law. The remaining portion is 
contributed to the government administered pension fund. The rate at which the annual interest is payable to the 
beneficiaries by the trust is being administered by the Government of India. The Company has an obligation to make 
good the shortfall, if any, between the return from the investments of the trust and the notified interest rate.
 
In respect of Indian subsidiaries, eligible employees receive benefits from a provident fund, which is a defined 
contribution plan. Both the eligible employee and the respective companies make monthly contributions to this 
provident fund plan equal to a specified percentage of the covered employee's salary. Amounts collected under the 
provident fund plan are deposited in a government administered provident fund. The Companies have no further 
obligation to the plan beyond its monthly contributions.
Superannuation
Certain employees of Infosys, Infosys BPM and EdgeVerve are participants in a defined contribution plan. The Group 
has no further obligations to the plan beyond its monthly contributions which are periodically contributed to a trust 
fund, the corpus of which is invested with the Life Insurance Corporation of India.
Compensated absences
The Group has a policy on compensated absences which are both accumulating and non-accumulating in nature. The 
expected cost of accumulating compensated absences is determined by actuarial valuation performed by an 
independent actuary at each Balance Sheet date using projected unit credit method on the additional amount expected 
to be paid/availed as a result of the unused entitlement that has accumulated at the Balance Sheet date. Expense on 
non-accumulating compensated absences is recognized in the period in which the absences occur.
2.14.1 Gratuity and Pensions
The following table sets out the details of the defined benefit retirement plans and the amounts recognized in the 
Group's financial statements as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022: 
(Dollars in millions)
Gratuity Pension
As of As of
March 31, 
2023March 31, 
2022March 31, 
2023March 31, 
2022
Change in benefit obligations
Benefit obligations at the beginning 227 222 122 111
Transfer — — 2 7
Service cost 34 29 5 5
Interest expense 13 12 1 —
Remeasurements - Actuarial losses / (gains) (9) 11 (17) (2)
Past service cost - plan amendments — — — 2
Employee contribution — — 3 4
Benefits paid (33) (39) (6) (5)
Translation differences (16) (8) 2 —
Benefit obligations at the end 216 227 112 122
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning 226 220 111 94
Transfer — — 2 7
Interest Income 13 13 1 —
Remeasurements – Returns on plan assets excluding 
amounts included in interest income 4 3 (11) 7
Employer contribution 22 36 5 5
Employee contribution — — 3 4
Benefits paid (32) (38) (6) (5)
Translation differences (19) (8) 1 (1)
Fair value of plan assets at the end 214 226 106 111
Funded status (2) (1) (6) (11)
Prepaid defined benefit plan asset 3 3 1 1
Accrued defined benefit plan liability (5) (4) (7) (12)
Amount for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 recognized in net profit in the statement of comprehensive income comprises 
the following components:
(Dollars in millions)
Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021
Service cost 34 29 28 5 5 5
Net interest on the net defined benefit liability 
/ asset — (1) (1) — — —
Plan amendments — — — — 2 —
Net cost 34 28 27 5 7 5 
Amount for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 recognized in statement of other comprehensive income:
(Dollars in millions)
Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021
Re-measurements of the net defined benefit 
liability / (asset)
Actuarial (gains) / losses (9) 11 4 (17) (2) 4
(Return) / loss on plan assets excluding 
amounts included in the net interest on the net 
defined benefit liability / (asset) (4) (3) (2) 11 (7) (4)
Total (13) 8 2 (6) (9) —
Breakup of actuarial (gains) / losses for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 is as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021
(Gain) / loss from change in demographic 
assumptions — — — — — —
(Gain) / loss from change in financial 
assumptions (8) (6) 2 (18) (3) 4
(Gain) / loss from change in experience 
adjustments (1) 17 2 1 1 —
(9) 11 4 (17) (2) 4
The gratuity and pension cost recognized in the statement of comprehensive income apportioned between cost of sales, 
selling and marketing expenses and administrative expenses on the basis of direct employee cost is as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021
Cost of sales 31 25 24 5 6 5
Selling and marketing expenses 2 2 2 — 1 —
Administrative expenses 1 1 1 — — —
34 28 27 5 7 5
The weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 
are set out below:
Gratuity Pension
As of As of
March 31, 
2023March 31, 
2022March 31, 
2023March 31, 
2022
Discount rate 7.1% 6.5% 1.8% - 3.8% 0.4% - 1.7%
Weighted average rate of increase in compensation levels 6% 6% 1% - 3% 1% - 3%
Weighted average duration of defined benefit obligation 5.9 years 5.9 years 12 years 14 years 
The weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 are set 
out below:
Gratuity Pension
Year ended March 31, Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021
Discount rate for the year 6.5% 6.1% 6.2% 0.4% - 1.7% 0.1% - 0.9% 0.5% - 1.7%
Weighted average rate of increase 
in compensation levels6% 6% 6% 1% - 3% 1% - 3% 1% - 3%
Discount rate For domestic defined benefit plan in India, the market for high quality corporate bonds 
being not developed, the yield of government bonds is considered as the discount rate. For 
most of our overseas defined benefit plan, given that the market for high quality corporate 
bonds is not developed, the Government bond rate adjusted for corporate spreads is used.
Weighted average rate 
of increase in 
compensation levelsThe average rate of increase in compensation levels is determined by the Company, 
considering factors such as, the Company’s past compensation revision trends, inflation 
in respective markets and management’s estimate of future salary increases.
Attrition rate Attrition rate considered is the management’s estimate based on the past long-term trend 
of employee turnover in the Company. The tenure has been considered taking into 
account the past long-term trend of employees' average remaining service life which 
reflects the average estimated term of post-employment benefit obligation.
For domestic defined benefit plan in India, assumptions regarding future mortality experience are set in accordance 
with the published statistics by the Life Insurance Corporation of India. For overseas defined benefit plan, the 
assumptions regarding future mortality experience are set with regard to the latest statistics in life expectancy, plan 
experience and other relevant data.
The Group assesses these assumptions with its projected long-term plans of growth and prevalent industry standards.
The Company contributes all ascertained liabilities towards gratuity to the Infosys Limited Employees' Gratuity Fund 
Trust. In case of Infosys BPM and EdgeVerve, contributions are made to the Infosys BPM Employees' Gratuity Fund 
Trust and EdgeVerve Systems Limited Employees Gratuity Fund Trust, respectively. Trustees administer 
contributions made to the trust as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, and contributions for gratuity are invested 
in a scheme with the Life Insurance Corporation of India as permitted by Indian law. The plan assets of the overseas 
defined benefit plan have been primarily invested in insurer managed funds and the asset allocation for plan assets is 
determined based on the investment criteria prescribed under the relevant regulations applicable to pension funds and 
the insurer managers. The insurers' investments are well diversified and also provide for guaranteed interest rates 
arrangements.
Actual return on assets (including remeasurements) of the gratuity plan for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 were $17 
million, $16 million, and $15 million, respectively, and for the pension plan were $(10) million, $7 million and $4 
million, respectively.
The contributions for gratuity are invested in a scheme with the Life Insurance Corporation of India as permitted by 
Indian law. The table below sets out the details of major plan assets into various categories as of March 31, 2023 and  
March 31, 2022. The table below sets out the details of major plan assets into various categories as of March 31, 2023 
and  March 31, 2022.
The table below sets out the details of major plan assets into various categories: 
Particulars Pension
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Equity 34% 34%
Bonds 32% 32%
Real Estate/Property 26% 26%
Cash and Cash Equivalents 1% 1%
Other 7% 7%
These defined benefit plans expose the Group to actuarial risk which are set out below:
 
 
Interest rate risk:  The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is generally calculated using a 
discount rate determined by reference to government bond yields and in certain overseas 
jurisdictions, it is calculated in reference to government bond yield adjusted for a corporate 
spread.  If bond yields fall, the defined benefit obligation will tend to increase.
Life expectancy and 
investment risk: The pension fund offers the choice between a lifelong pension and a cash lump sum upon 
retirement. The pension fund has defined rates for converting the lump sum to a pension 
and there is the risk that the members live longer than implied by these conversion rates and 
that the pension assets don’t achieve the investment return implied by these conversion 
rates.
Asset volatility:  A proportion of the pension fund is held in equities, which is expected to outperform 
corporate bonds in the long term but give exposure to volatility and risk in the short term. 
The pension fund board of insurer is responsible for the investment strategy and equity 
allocation is justified given the long-term investment horizon of the pension fund and the 
objective to provide a reasonable long term return on members’ account balances.
   
Sensitivity of significant assumptions used for valuation of defined benefit obligation:
(Dollars in millions)
Impact fromAs of March 31,
2023
Gratuity Pension
1% point increase 
/ decrease0.5% point 
increase / decrease
Discount rate 11 5
Weighted average rate of increase in compensation levels 10 1
Sensitivity to significant actuarial assumptions is computed by varying one actuarial assumption used for the valuation 
of the defined benefit obligation and keeping all other actuarial assumptions constant. In practice, this is not probable, 
and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. 
The Group expects to contribute $27 million to the gratuity and $5 million to pension during fiscal 2024.
Maturity profile of defined benefit obligation:
(Dollars in millions)
Gratuity Pension
Within 1 year 33 7
1 - 2 year 34 7
2 - 3 year 34 7
3 - 4 year 38 7
4 - 5 year 47 8
5 - 10 years 238 39 
2.14.2 Superannuation
The Group contributed $60 million, $49 million and $35 million to the superannuation plan during fiscal 2023, 2022 
and 2021, respectively, and the same has been recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
under the head employee benefit expense.
Superannuation contributions have been apportioned between cost of sales, selling and marketing expenses and 
administrative expenses on the basis of direct employee cost as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Cost of sales 55 44 31
Selling and marketing expenses 3 3 3
Administrative expenses 2 2 1
60 49 35
2.14.3 Provident fund
Infosys has an obligation to fund any shortfall on the yield of the trust’s investments over the administered interest 
rates on an annual basis. These administered rates are determined annually predominantly considering the social and 
economic factors. The actuary has provided a valuation for provident fund liabilities on the basis of guidance issued 
by Actuarial Society of India.
The following tables set out the funded status of the defined benefit provident fund plan of Infosys Limited and the 
amounts recognized in the Group's financial statements as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022:
(Dollars in 
millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Change in benefit obligations
Benefit obligations at the beginning 1,228 1,133
Service cost 101 88
Employee contribution 210 155
Interest expense 78 69
Actuarial (gains) / loss (10) 16
Benefits paid (226) (191)
Translation differences (100) (42)
Benefit obligations at the end 1,281 1,228
Change in plan assets
Fair value of plan assets at the beginning 1,195 1,113
Interest income 76 68
Remeasurements- Return on plan assets excluding amounts included in interest 
income (23) 2
Employee contribution 210 155
Employer contribution 104 89
Benefits paid (226) (191)
Translation differences (97) (41)
Fair value of plan assets at the end 1,239 1,195
Accrued defined benefit plan liability (42) (33) 
Amount for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 recognized in net profit in the statement of comprehensive income comprises 
the following components:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Service cost 101 88 57
Net interest on the net defined benefit liability / asset 2 1 2
Net provident fund cost 103 89 59
Amount for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 recognized in the consolidated statement of other comprehensive income:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability/ (asset)
Actuarial (gains) / losses (10) 16 (4)
(Return) / loss on plan assets excluding amounts included in the 
net interest on the net defined benefit liability/(asset) 23 (2) (17)
13 14 (21)
Assumptions used in determining the present value obligation of the interest rate guarantee under the Deterministic 
Approach:
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Government of India (GOI) bond yield (1)7.10% 6.50%
Expected rate of return on plan assets 8.15% 7.70%
Remaining term to maturity of portfolio 6 years 6 years
Expected guaranteed interest rate 8.15% 8.10%
(1)In India, the market for high quality corporate bonds being not developed, the yield of government bonds is 
considered as the discount rate. The tenure has been considered taking into account the past long-term trend of 
employees’ average remaining service life which reflects the average estimated term of the post-employment 
benefit obligations.
The breakup of the plan assets into various categories as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 are as follows:
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Central and State Government bonds 60% 57%
Public sector undertakings and Private sector bonds 33% 37%
Others 7% 6% 
The asset allocation for plan assets is determined based on investment criteria prescribed under the relevant 
regulations.
The actuarial valuation of PF liability exposes the Group to interest rate risk. The defined benefit obligation calculated 
uses a discount rate based on government bonds. If bond yields fall, the defined benefit obligation will tend to increase.
As of March 31, 2023, the defined benefit obligation would be affected by approximately $6 million and $12 million 
on account of a 0.25% increase / decrease, respectively, in the expected rate of return on plan assets.
 
The Group contributed $148 million, $118 million and $90 million to the provident fund during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 
2021, respectively. The same has been recognized in the net profit in the consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income under the head employee benefit expense.
Provident fund contributions have been apportioned between cost of sales, selling and marketing expenses and 
administrative expenses on the basis of direct employee cost as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Cost of sales 134 106 80
Selling and marketing expenses 9 8 7
Administrative expenses 5 4 3
148 118 90
The provident plans are applicable only to employees drawing a salary in Indian rupees.
2.14.4 Employee benefit costs include:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Salaries and bonus (1)9,481 8,383 7,322
Defined contribution plans 78 64 48
Defined benefit plans 170 138 123
9,729 8,585 7,493
(1)Includes stock compensation expense of $64 million, $56 million and $45 million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, 
respectively. (Refer to Note 2.17)
The employee benefit cost is recognized in the following line items in the consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Cost of sales 8,826 7,714 6,671
Selling and marketing expenses 598 572 548
Administrative expenses 305 299 274
9,729 8,585 7,493 
2.15 Equity
Accounting policy
Ordinary Shares
Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new ordinary shares, 
share options and buyback are recognized as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.
Treasury Shares
When any entity within the Group purchases the company's ordinary shares, the consideration paid including any 
directly attributable incremental cost is presented as a deduction from total equity, until they are cancelled, sold or 
reissued. When treasury shares are sold or reissued subsequently, the amount received is recognized as an increase in 
equity, and the resulting surplus or deficit on the transaction is transferred to/ from share premium.
12,172,119 and 13,725,712 shares were held by controlled trust as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, 
respectively.
Share capital and share premium
The amount received in excess of the par value has been classified as share premium. Additionally, share-based 
compensation recognized in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income is credited to share premium. 
Amounts have been utilized for bonus issue and share buyback from share premium account.
The Company has only one class of shares referred to as equity shares having a par value of ₹5/-.
Retained earnings
Retained earnings represent the amount of accumulated earnings of the Group.
Other Reserves
The Special Economic Zone Re-investment reserve has been created out of the profit of the eligible SEZ unit in terms 
of the provisions of Sec 10AA (1)(ii) of Income Tax Act, 1961. The reserve should be utilized by the Company for 
acquiring new plant and machinery for the purpose of its business in terms of the provisions of the Sec 10AA (2) of 
the Income Tax Act, 1961.
Capital Redemption Reserve
In accordance with section 69 of the Indian Companies Act, 2013, the Company creates capital redemption reserve 
equal to the nominal value of the shares bought back as an appropriation from general reserve/retained earnings.
Cash flow hedge reserve
When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging instrument, the effective portion of changes in the fair value 
of the derivative is recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the cash flow hedging reserve. The 
cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in the cash flow hedging reserve is transferred to the net profit in the 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income upon the occurrence of the related forecasted transaction.
Other components of equity
Other components of equity include currency translation, re-measurement of net defined benefit liability/asset, fair 
value changes of equity instruments fair valued through other comprehensive income, changes on fair valuation of 
investments, net of taxes.
Capital Allocation Policy  
 
Effective fiscal 2020, the Company expects to return approximately 85% of the free cash flow cumulatively over a 5-
year period through a combination of semi-annual dividends and/or share buyback and/or special dividends, subject 
to applicable laws and requisite approvals, if any. Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities 
less capital expenditure as per the consolidated statement of cash flows prepared under IFRS. Dividend and buyback 
include applicable taxes.
Buyback completed in February 2023
 
In line with the capital allocation policy, the Board, at its meeting held on October 13, 2022, approved the buyback of 
equity shares, from the open market route through the Indian stock exchanges, amounting to ₹9,300 crore (Maximum 
Buyback Size, excluding buyback tax) at a price not exceeding ₹1,850 per share (Maximum Buyback Price), subject 
to shareholders' approval by way of Postal Ballot.
 
The shareholders approved the proposal of buyback of Equity Shares recommended by its Board of Directors by way 
of e-voting on the postal ballot, the results of which were declared on December 3, 2022. The buyback was offered to 
all equity shareholders of the Company (other than the Promoters, the Promoter Group and Persons in Control of the 
Company) under the open market route through the stock exchange. The buyback of equity shares through the stock 
exchange commenced on December 7, 2022 and was completed on February 13, 2023. During this buyback period 
the Company had purchased and extinguished a total of 60,426,348 equity shares from the stock exchange at a volume 
weighted average buyback price of ₹1,539.06/- per equity share comprising 1.44% of the pre buyback paid-up equity 
share capital of the Company. The buyback resulted in a cash outflow of ₹9,300 crore (excluding transaction costs 
and tax on buyback) ($1,130 million). The Company funded the buyback from its free reserves including Securities 
Premium as explained in Section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013.
 
In accordance with section 69 of the Companies Act, 2013, as of March 31, 2023, the Company has created ‘Capital 
Redemption Reserve’ of $3 million equal to the nominal value of the shares bought back as an appropriation from 
general reserve and retained earnings.
Buyback completed in September 2021
In line with the capital allocation policy, the Board, at its meeting held on April 14, 2021, approved the buyback of 
equity shares, from the open market route through the Indian stock exchanges, amounting to ₹9,200 crore (Maximum 
Buyback Size, excluding buyback tax) at a price not exceeding ₹1,750 per share (Maximum Buyback Price), subject 
to shareholders' approval in the ensuing General Meeting.
The shareholders approved the proposal of buyback of Equity Shares recommended by its Board of Directors in the 
Annual General meeting held on June 19, 2021.
The buyback was offered to all equity shareholders of the Company (other than the Promoters, the Promoter Group 
and Persons in Control of the Company) under the open market route through the stock exchange. The buyback of 
equity shares through the stock exchange commenced on June 25, 2021 and was completed on September 8, 2021. 
During this buyback period, the Company had purchased and extinguished a total of 55,807,337 equity shares from 
the stock exchange at a volume weighted average buyback price of ₹1,648.53/- per equity share comprising 1.31% of 
the pre buyback paid up equity share capital of the Company. The buyback resulted in a cash outflow of ₹9,200 crore 
(excluding transaction costs and tax on buyback) ($1,243 million). The Company funded the buyback from its free 
reserves including Securities Premium as explained in Section 68 of the Companies Act, 2013.
In accordance with section 69 of the Companies Act, 2013, as of March 31, 2022, the Company has created ‘Capital 
Redemption Reserve’ amounting to $4 million equal to the nominal value of the shares bought back as an appropriation 
from general reserve.
The Company’s objective when managing capital is to safeguard its ability to continue as a going concern and to 
maintain an optimal capital structure so as to maximize shareholder value. In order to maintain or achieve an optimal 
capital structure, the Company may adjust the amount of dividend payment, return capital to shareholders, issue new  
shares or buyback issued shares. As of March 31, 2023, the Company has only one class of equity shares and has no 
debt. Consequent to the above capital structure there are no externally imposed capital requirements.
 
2.15.1 Voting
Each holder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share. The equity shares represented by American Depositary 
Shares (ADS) carry similar rights to voting and dividends as the other equity shares. Each ADS represents one 
underlying equity share.
2.15.2 Dividends 
Accounting policy
The final dividend on shares is recorded as a liability on the date of approval by the shareholders and interim dividends 
are recorded as a liability on the date of declaration by the company's Board of Directors. Income tax consequences 
of dividends on financial instruments classified as equity will be recognized according to where the entity originally 
recognized those past transactions or events that generated distributable profits.
The Company declares and pays dividends in Indian rupees. Companies are required to pay/distribute dividend after 
deducting applicable taxes. The remittance of dividends outside India is governed by Indian law on foreign exchange 
and is also subject to withholding tax at applicable rates.
 
  
The following table provides details of per share dividend recognized during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021:
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021
Dividend per Equity Share (₹)
Interim dividend(2)16.50 15.00 12.00
Final dividend(3)16.00 15.00 9.50
Dividend per Equity Share/ADS ($)(1)
Interim dividend(2)0.20 0.20 0.16
Final dividend(3)0.21 0.20 0.13
(1)Converted at the monthly exchange rate in the month of declaration of dividend
(2)Represents interim dividend for the respective fiscal year
(3)Represents final dividend for the preceding fiscal year
During fiscal 2023, on account of the final dividend for fiscal 2022 and interim dividend for fiscal 2023, the Company 
has incurred a net cash outflow of approximately $1,697 million (excluding dividend paid on treasury shares). The 
payouts for dividend during fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 were $1,703 million and $1,226 million (excluding dividend 
paid on treasury shares), respectively.
The Board of Directors in their meeting on April 13, 2023, recommended a final dividend of ₹17.50/- per equity share 
(approximately $0.21 per equity share) for fiscal 2023. This payment is subject to the approval of shareholders in the 
Annual General Meeting of the Company expected to be held on June 28, 2023. This final dividend if approved by 
shareholders would result in a net cash outflow of approximately $881 million (excluding dividend paid on treasury 
shares).
2.15.3 Liquidation
In the event of liquidation of the company, the holders of shares shall be entitled to receive any of the remaining assets 
of the company, after distribution of all preferential amounts. However, no such preferential amounts exist currently, 
other than the amounts held by irrevocable controlled trusts. The amount distributed will be in proportion to the 
number of equity shares held by the shareholders. For irrevocable controlled trusts, the corpus would be settled in 
favor of the beneficiaries. 
2.15.4 Share options
There are no voting, dividend or liquidation rights to the holders of options issued under the company's share option 
plans.
2.16 Other income, net
Accounting policy
Other income is comprised primarily of interest income, dividend income, gain/loss on investments and exchange 
gain/loss on forward and options contracts and on translation of foreign currency assets and liabilities. Interest income 
is recognized using the effective interest method. Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment 
is established.
Functional currency and presentation currency
The functional currency of Infosys, Infosys BPM, EdgeVerve, Skava, Infosys Green Forum and controlled trusts is 
the Indian rupee. The functional currencies for foreign subsidiaries are their respective local currencies. These 
financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars (rounded off to the nearest million) to facilitate the investors’ ability 
to evaluate Infosys’ performance and financial position in comparison to similar companies domiciled in other 
geographic locations. 
Transactions and translations
Foreign-currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities are translated into the relevant functional currency at 
exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date. The gains or losses resulting from such translations are recognized 
in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and reported within exchange gains/ (losses) on translation of 
assets and liabilities, net, except when deferred in Other Comprehensive Income as qualifying cash flow hedges. Non-
monetary assets and non-monetary liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and measured at fair value are 
translated at the exchange rate prevalent at the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary assets and 
non-monetary liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and measured at historical cost are translated at the 
exchange rate prevalent at the date of transaction. The related revenue and expense are recognized using the same 
exchange rate.
 
Transaction gains or losses realized upon settlement of foreign currency transactions are included in determining net 
profit for the period in which the transaction is settled. Revenue, expense and cash-flow items denominated in foreign 
currencies are translated into the relevant functional currencies using the exchange rate in effect on the date of the 
transaction.
 
The translation of financial statements of the foreign subsidiaries to the presentation currency is performed for assets 
and liabilities using the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue, expense and cash-flow items 
using the average exchange rate for the respective periods. The gains or losses resulting from such translation are 
included in currency translation reserves under other components of equity. When a subsidiary is disposed of, in full, 
the relevant amount is transferred to the net profit in the statement of comprehensive income. However, when a change 
in the parent's ownership does not result in loss of control of a subsidiary, such changes are recorded through equity. 
Other Comprehensive Income, net of taxes includes translation differences on non-monetary financial assets measured 
at fair value at the reporting date, such as equities classified as financial instruments and measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income (FVOCI).
Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities 
of the foreign entity and translated at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date.
Government grants 
The Group recognizes government grants only when there is reasonable assurance that the conditions attached to them 
will be complied with, and the grants will be received. Government grants related to assets are treated as deferred 
income and are recognized in the net profit in the statement of comprehensive income on a systematic and rational 
basis over the useful life of the asset. Government grants related to revenue are recognized on a systematic basis in 
the statement of comprehensive income over the periods necessary to match them with the related costs which they 
are intended to compensate.
Other income consists of the following:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Interest income on financial assets carried at amortized cost 107 135 161
Interest income on financial assets fair valued through other 
comprehensive income 119 86 55
Dividend income on investments carried at fair value through 
profit or loss — — 1
Gain / (loss) on investments carried at fair value through profit or 
loss 18 24 10
Gain / (loss) on investments carried at fair value through other 
comprehensive income — — 11
Exchange gains / (losses) on forward and options contracts (80) 12 75
Exchange gains / (losses) on translation of other assets and 
liabilities 131 24 (47)
Others 40 27 31
335 308 297
 
2.17 Employees' Stock Option Plans (ESOP) 
Accounting policy
The Group recognizes compensation expense relating to share-based payments in net profit based on estimated fair- 
value of the awards on the grant date. The estimated fair value of awards is recognized as an expense in net profit in 
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each 
separately vesting portion of the award as if the award was in-substance, multiple awards with a corresponding 
increase to share premium.
Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019 (the 2019 Plan): 
On June 22, 2019, pursuant to approval by the shareholders in the Annual General Meeting, the Board has been 
authorized to introduce, offer, issue and provide share-based incentives to eligible employees of the Company and its 
subsidiaries under the 2019 Plan. The maximum number of shares under the 2019 Plan shall not exceed 50,000,000 
equity shares. To implement the 2019 Plan, up to 45,000,000 equity shares may be issued by way of secondary 
acquisition of shares by Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Trust. The RSUs granted under the 2019 Plan shall vest 
based on the achievement of defined annual performance parameters as determined by the administrator (Nomination 
and Remuneration Committee). The performance parameters will be based on a combination of relative Total 
Shareholder Return (TSR) against selected industry peers and certain broader market domestic and global indices and 
operating performance metrics of the company as decided by administrator. Each of the above performance parameters 
will be distinct for the purposes of calculation of quantity of shares to vest based on performance. These instruments 
will generally vest between a minimum of 1 to maximum of 3 years from the grant date.
2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2015 Plan):  
On March 31, 2016, pursuant to the approval by the shareholders through postal ballot, the Board was authorized to 
introduce, offer, issue and allot share-based incentives to eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries under 
the 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2015 Plan). The maximum number of shares under the 2015 Plan 
shall not exceed 24,038,883 equity shares (this includes 11,223,576 equity shares which are held by the trust towards 
the 2011 Plan as of March 31, 2016). These instruments will generally vest over a period of 4 years. The plan numbers 
mentioned above would further be adjusted for the September 2018 bonus issue.
The equity settled and cash settled RSUs and stock options would vest generally over a period of 4 years and shall be 
exercisable within the period as approved by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NARC). The exercise 
price of the RSUs will be equal to the par value of the shares and the exercise price of the stock options would be the 
market price as on the date of grant.
Controlled trust holds 12,172,119 and 13,725,712 shares as of March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, respectively, 
under the 2015 Plan out of which, 200,000 and 200,000 equity shares have been earmarked for welfare activities of 
the employees as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively.
The following is the summary of grants made during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 under the 2015 Plan and 2019 Plan:
Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Fiscal 2021
2015 Plan
RSU - Equity settled
KMPs 367,479 284,543 457,151
Employees other than KMPs 1,784,975 1,305,880 2,203,460
2,152,454 1,590,423 2,660,611
RSU - Incentive units (cash settled)
KMPs — — —
Other employees 92,400 49,960 115,250
92,400 49,960 115,250
2019 Plan
Equity settled Performance based RSU
KMPs 207,893 146,962 311,808
Employees other than KMPs 3,706,764 2,703,667 1,284,600
3,914,657 2,850,629 1,596,408
Total grants 6,159,511 4,491,012 4,372,269
Refer to Note 2.20 for details on appointment and resignation of KMPs
Notes on grants to KMP
CEO & MD:
Based on the recommendations of the Board and the approval of the shareholders at the AGM held on June 25, 2022, 
Salil Parekh was reappointed as the CEO and MD of the Company for a term commencing on July 1, 2022 and ending 
on March 31, 2027. The remuneration was approved by the shareholders at the 2022 AGM. The revised employment 
agreement with Mr. Parekh was effective July 1, 2022.
Under the 2015 Plan:
 
The Board, on April 13, 2022, based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, in 
accordance with the terms of his employment agreement till June 30 2022, approved the performance-based grant of 
RSUs amounting to ₹13 crore (approximately $1.70 million) for fiscal 2023 under the 2015 Plan. These RSUs will 
vest in line with the employment agreement based on achievement of certain performance targets. Accordingly, 84,361 
performance based RSUs were granted effective May 2, 2022.
  
Further, in line with the shareholders approval and revised employment contract which is effective July 1, 2022, the 
Board, on July 24, 2022, based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
•Approved the grant of performance-based RSUs (Annual performance equity grant) of fair value of 
₹21.75 crore (approximately $2.75 million) for fiscal 2023 under the 2015 Plan. These RSUs will vest in 
line with the employment agreement based on achievement of certain performance targets. Accordingly, 
140,228 performance-based RSU’s were granted effective August 1, 2022. 
•Approved the performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual performance equity ESG grant) of fair value of 
₹2 crore (approximately $0.25 million) for fiscal 2023 under the 2015 Plan. These RSUs will vest in line 
with the employment agreement based on achievement of certain environment, social and governance 
milestones as determined by the Board. Accordingly, 12,894 performance-based RSU’s were granted 
effective August 1, 2022.
•Approved the performance-based grant of RSUs (Annual performance Equity TSR grant) of fair value of 
₹5 crore (approximately $0.63 million) for fiscal 2023 under the 2015 Plan. These RSUs will vest in line 
with the employment agreement based on Company’s performance on cumulative relative TSR over the 
years and as determined by the Board. Accordingly, 32,236 performance-based RSU’s were granted 
effective August 1, 2022.
For the above RSUs, the grant date in accordance with IFRS 2, Share based payment is July 1, 2022.
Further, in accordance with the employee agreement which has been approved by the shareholders, the CEO is eligible 
to receive an annual grant of RSUs of fair value ₹3 crore (approximately $0.37 million) which will vest overtime in 
three equal annual installments upon the completion of each year of service from the respective grant date. 
Accordingly, annual time-based grant of 19,341 RSUs was made effective February 1, 2023 for fiscal 2023.
Though the annual time based grants and annual performance equity TSR grant for the remaining employment term 
ending on March 31, 2027 have not been granted as of March 31, 2023, since the service commencement date precedes 
the grant date, the company has recorded employment stock compensation expense in accordance with IFRS 2, Share 
based payment.
Under the 2019 Plan:
The Board, on April 13, 2022, based on the recommendations of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 
approved performance-based grant of RSUs amounting to ₹10 crore (approximately $1.31 million) for fiscal 2023 
under the 2019 Plan. These RSUs will vest in line with the employment agreement effective till June 30, 2022, based 
on achievement of certain performance targets. Accordingly, 64,893 performance based RSUs were granted effective 
May 2, 2022.
Other KMP
Under the 2015 Plan:
During fiscal 2023, based on recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board approved 
66,872 time based RSUs and 11,547 performance based RSUs to other KMP under the 2015 plan. Time based RSUs 
will vest over four years and performance based RSUs will vest over one to three years based on certain performance 
targets.
Under the 2019 Plan:
During fiscal 2023, based on recommendations of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, the Board approved 
performance based grants of 143,000 RSUs to other KMPs under the 2019 plan. These RSUs will vest over three years 
based on achievement of certain performance targets. 
Break-up of employee stock compensation expense:
(Dollars in millions)
 Year ended March 31,
 2023 2022 2021
Granted to:
KMP#6 9 10
Employees other than KMP 58 47 35
Total 64 56 45
Cash settled stock compensation expense included in the above 1 3 11
# Includes reversal of employee stock compensation expense on account of resignation/retirement of key managerial 
personnel.
Share based payment arrangements that were modified during the year ended March 31, 2021:
During the year ended March 31, 2021, the company issued ADS settled RSU and stock option awards as replacement 
for outstanding stock appreciation rights awards. The replacement was pursuant to SEBI Circular 'Framework for 
issue of Depository Receipts - Clarifications' dated December 18, 2020, which allows Non-resident Indians to hold 
depository receipts. The awards were granted after necessary approvals from the NARC. All other terms and 
conditions of the replaced awards remain the same as the original award.
The replacement awards were accounted as a modification and the fair value on the date of modification of $12 million 
is recognized as equity with a corresponding adjustment to financial liability.
The activity in the 2015 Plan and 2019 Plan for equity-settled share based payment transaction during fiscal 2023 is 
set out below:
Year ended March 31, 2023
Shares arising
out of optionsWeighted average
exercise price($)
2015 Plan: RSUs
Outstanding at the beginning 6,232,975 0.06
Granted 2,152,454 0.06
Exercised 2,105,904 0.06
Forfeited and expired 871,507 0.06
Outstanding at the end 5,408,018 0.06
Exercisable at the end 787,976 0.06
2015 Plan: Stock Options
Outstanding at the beginning 700,844 7.35
Granted — —
Exercised 566,814 7.40
Forfeited and expired — —
Outstanding at the end 134,030 6.44
Exercisable at the end 134,030 6.44
2019 Plan: RSUs
Outstanding at the beginning 4,958,938 0.07
Granted 3,914,657 0.06
Exercised 1,128,626 0.06
Forfeited and expired 522,931 0.06
Outstanding at the end 7,222,038 0.06
Exercisable at the end 1,352,150 0.06 
The activity in the 2015 Plan and 2019 Plan for equity-settled share based payment transaction during fiscal 2022 is 
set out below:
Year ended March 31, 2022
Shares arising
out of optionsWeighted average
exercise price($)
2015 Plan: RSUs
Outstanding at the beginning 8,047,240 0.06
Granted 1,590,423 0.07
Exercised 2,569,983 0.05
Forfeited and expired 834,705 0.06
Outstanding at the end 6,232,975 0.06
Exercisable at the end 653,775 0.06
2015 Plan: Stock Options
Outstanding at the beginning 1,049,456 7.32
Granted — —
Exercised 348,612 7.02
Forfeited and expired — —
Outstanding at the end 700,844 7.35
Exercisable at the end 700,844 7.35
2019 Plan: RSUs
Outstanding at the beginning 3,050,573 0.07
Granted 2,850,629 0.07
Exercised 755,557 0.07
Forfeited and expired 186,707 0.07
Outstanding at the end 4,958,938 0.07
Exercisable at the end 692,638 0.07 
The activity in the 2015 Plan and 2019 Plan for equity-settled share based payment transaction during fiscal 2021 is 
set out below:
Year ended March 31, 2021
Shares arising
out of optionsWeighted average
exercise price($)
2015 Plan: RSUs
Outstanding at the beginning 8,780,898 0.05
Granted 2,660,611 0.07
Exercised 3,783,462 0.05
Modification to equity settled awards 871,900 —
Forfeited and expired 482,707 0.06
Outstanding at the end 8,047,240 0.06
Exercisable at the end 151,685 0.05
2015 Plan: Stock Options
Outstanding at the beginning 1,100,330 7.13
Granted — —
Exercised 239,272 7.21
Modification to equity settled awards 203,026 —
Forfeited and expired 14,628 7.63
Outstanding at the end 1,049,456 7.32
Exercisable at the end 1,002,130 7.33
2019 Plan: RSUs
Outstanding at the beginning 2,091,293 0.07
Granted 1,596,408 0.07
Exercised 370,170 0.07
Forfeited and expired 266,958 0.07
Outstanding at the end 3,050,573 0.07
Exercisable at the end 233,050 0.07
During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average share price of options exercised under the 2015 Plan on the 
date of exercise was $18.83, $22.71 and $14.92, respectively.
During fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, the weighted average share price of options exercised under the 2019 Plan on the 
date of exercise was $18.75, $20.89 and $15.90, respectively.
The following table summarizes information about equity settled RSUs and stock options outstanding as of March 31, 
2023:
2019 Plan - Options outstanding 2015 Plan - Options outstanding
Range of exercise prices per share ($)No. of shares
arising out
of optionsWeighted
average
remaining
contractual lifeWeighted
average
exercise
price ($)No. of shares
arising out
of optionsWeighted
average
remaining
contractual lifeWeighted
average
exercise
price ($)
American Depositary Share (ADS) 
and Indian Equity Shares (IES)
0 - 0.06 (RSUs) 7,222,038 1.33 0.06 5,408,018 1.49 0.06
5 - 8 (Stock Options) — — — 134,030 1.77 6.44
  
The following table summarizes information about equity settled RSUs and stock options outstanding as of March 31, 
2022:
2019 Plan - Options outstanding 2015 Plan - Options outstanding
Range of exercise prices per 
share ($)No. of shares
arising out
of optionsWeighted
average
remaining
contractual lifeWeighted
average
exercise
price ($)No. of shares
arising out
of optionsWeighted
average
remaining
contractual lifeWeighted
average
exercise
price ($)
American Depositary 
Share (ADS) and 
Indian Equity Shares 
(IES)
0 - 0.07 (RSUs) 4,958,938 1.43 0.07 6,232,975 1.47 0.06
6 - 8 (Stock Options) — — — 700,844 0.65 7.35
As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, 224,924 and 265,561 cash settled options were outstanding, respectively. 
The carrying value of liability towards cash settled share-based payments was $1 million and $2 million as of March 
31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively.
The fair value of the awards is estimated using the Black-Scholes Model for time and non-market performance based 
options and Monte Carlo simulation model is used for TSR based options. 
The inputs to the model include the share price at date of grant, exercise price, expected volatility, expected dividends, 
expected term and the risk free rate of interest. Expected volatility during the expected term of the options is based on 
historical volatility of the observed market prices of the Company's publicly traded equity shares during a period 
equivalent to the expected term of the options. Expected volatility of the comparative companies have been modelled 
based on historical movements in the market prices of their publicly traded equity shares during a period equivalent 
to the expected term of the options. Correlation coefficient is calculated between each peer entity and the indices as a 
whole or between each entity in the peer group.
The fair value of each equity settled award is estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions:
For options granted in
Fiscal 2023-
 Equity
Shares-RSUFiscal 2023-
ADS- RSU
Weighted average share price (₹) / ($- ADS) 1,525 18.08
Exercise price (₹)/ ($- ADS) 5.00 0.07
Expected volatility (%) 23-32 27-34
Expected life of the option (years) 1-4 1-4
Expected dividends (%) 2-3 2-3
Risk-free interest rate (%) 5-7 2-5
Weighted average fair value as on grant date (₹) / ($- ADS) 1,210 13.69
For options granted in
Fiscal 2022-
 Equity
Shares-RSUFiscal 2022-
ADS- RSU
Weighted average share price (₹) / ($- ADS) 1,791 24.45
Exercise price (₹)/ ($- ADS) 5.00 0.07
Expected volatility (%) 20-35 25-36
Expected life of the option (years) 1-4 1-4
Expected dividends (%) 2-3 2-3
Risk-free interest rate (%) 4-6 1-3
Weighted average fair value as on grant date (₹) / ($- ADS) 1,548 20.82 
For options granted in
Fiscal 2021-
 Equity
Shares-RSUFiscal 2021-
ADS- RSU
Weighted average share price (₹) / ($- ADS) 1,253 18.46
Exercise price (₹)/ ($- ADS) 5.00 0.07
Expected volatility (%) 30-35 30-36
Expected life of the option (years) 1-4 1-4
Expected dividends (%) 2-3 2-3
Risk-free interest rate (%) 4-5 0.1-0.3
Weighted average fair value as on grant date (₹) / ($- ADS) 1,124 16.19
The expected life of the RSU/stock option is estimated based on the vesting term and contractual term of the 
RSU/ESOP, as well as expected exercise behavior of the employee who receives the RSU/ stock option.
2.18 Income taxes
Accounting policy
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred income tax. Income tax expense is recognized in the net profit in 
the consolidated statement of comprehensive income except to the extent that it relates to items recognized directly in 
equity, in which case it is recognized in equity or other comprehensive income. Current income tax for current and 
prior periods is recognized at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax 
rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. Deferred income tax 
assets and liabilities are recognized for all temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities 
and their carrying amounts in the financial statements except when the deferred income tax arises from the initial 
recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and affects neither 
accounting nor taxable profit or loss at the time of the transaction. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting 
date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or 
substantively enacted by the balance sheet date and are expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those 
temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of changes in tax rates on deferred income 
tax assets and liabilities is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment or the substantive 
enactment date. A deferred income tax asset is recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit 
will be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilized. Deferred income 
taxes are not provided on the undistributed earnings of subsidiaries and branches where it is expected that the earnings 
of the subsidiary or branch will not be distributed in the foreseeable future.
The Group offsets current tax assets and current tax liabilities; deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities, where it 
has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts and where it intends either to settle on a net basis, or 
to realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. Tax benefits of deductions earned on exercise of employee 
share options in excess of compensation charged to income are credited to equity. 
Income tax expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income comprises:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Current taxes
Domestic taxes 830 785 716
Foreign taxes 323 263 185
1,153 1,048 901
Deferred taxes
Domestic taxes 54 48 85
Foreign taxes (65) (28) (13)
(11) 20 72
Income tax expense 1,142 1,068 973
Income tax expense for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 includes reversals (net of provisions) of $13 million, $36 million 
and $47 million, respectively. These reversals pertaining to prior periods are primarily on account of adjudication of 
certain disputed matters, upon filing of tax return and completion of assessments, across various jurisdictions.
A reconciliation of the income tax provision to the amount computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to the 
income before income taxes is summarized below:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Profit before income taxes 4,125 4,036 3,596
Enacted tax rates in India 34.94 % 34.94 % 34.94 %
Computed expected tax expense 1,442 1,410 1,256
Tax effect due to non-taxable income for Indian tax purposes (362) (395) (346)
Overseas taxes 132 132 95
Tax provision (reversals) (13) (36) (47)
Effect of differential tax rates (41) (26) (17)
Effect of exempt non-operating income (6) (7) (5)
Effect of unrecognized deferred tax assets 14 10 1
Effect of non-deductible expenses 19 22 20
Impact of change in tax rate — (13) —
Others (43) (29) 16
Income tax expense 1,142 1,068 973
The applicable Indian corporate statutory tax rate for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 is 34.94% each.
The foreign tax expense is due to income taxes payable overseas, principally in the United States. In India, the 
company has benefited from certain income tax incentives that the Government of India had provided for export of 
services from the SEZ units registered under the SEZ Act. As per section 10AA of the Income Tax Act, SEZ unit who 
began to provide services on or after April 1, 2005, are eligible for an income tax deduction of 100% of profits or 
gains derived from the export of services for the first five years beginning with the assessment year relevant to the 
previous year in which the SEZ unit begins to provide services and 50% of such profits or gains for a further five 
years. Up to 50% of such profits or gains is also available for a further five years subject to creation of a Special 
Economic Zone Re-investment Reserve out of the profit of the eligible SEZ units and utilization of such reserve by 
the Company for acquiring new plant and machinery for the purpose of its business as per the provisions of the Income 
Tax Act, 1961 (Refer to Other Reserves under Note 2.15 Equity). 
As a result of these tax incentives, a portion of the Company’s pre-tax income has not been subject to tax in recent 
years. These tax incentives resulted in a decrease in our income tax expense of $362 million, $395 million and $346 
million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, compared to the tax amounts that we estimate we would have 
been required to pay if these incentives had not been available. The per share effect of these tax incentives computed 
based on both basic and diluted weighted average number of equity shares for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 was $0.09, 
$0.09 and $0.08, respectively.
Deferred income tax for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 substantially relates to origination and reversal of temporary 
differences.
Infosys is subject to a 15% Branch Profit Tax (BPT) in the U.S. to the extent its U.S. branch's net profit during the 
year is greater than the increase in the net assets of the U.S. branch during the year, computed in accordance with the 
Internal Revenue Code. As of March 31, 2023, Infosys' U.S. branch net assets amounted to approximately $846 
million. As of March 31, 2023, the Company has a deferred tax liability for branch profit tax of $18 million (net of 
credits), as the Company estimates that these branch profits are expected to be distributed in the foreseeable future.
Deferred income tax liabilities have not been recognized on temporary differences amounting to $1,332 million and 
$1,269 million as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively, associated with investments in subsidiaries 
and branches as the Company is able to control the timing of reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable 
that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. The Group majorly intends to repatriate 
earnings from subsidiaries and branches only to the extent these can be distributed in a tax-free manner.
Deferred income tax assets have not been recognized on accumulated losses of $538 million and $592 million as of 
March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively, as it is probable that future taxable profit will be not available 
against which the unused tax losses can be utilized in the foreseeable future.
The following table provides details of expiration of unused tax losses for fiscal 2023:
(Dollars in millions)
Year
2024 15
2025 17
2026 18
2027 10
2028 60
Thereafter 418
Total 538
The following table provides details of expiration of unused tax losses for fiscal 2022:
 
(Dollars in millions)
Year
2023 27
2024 20
2025 17
2026 20
2027 7
Thereafter 501
Total 592 
The following table provides the details of income tax assets and income tax liabilities as of March 31, 2023, and 
March 31, 2022:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Income tax assets 786 812
Current income tax liabilities (412) (344)
Net current income tax assets / (liabilities) at the end 374 468
The gross movement in the current income tax assets / (liabilities) for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021 is as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Net current income tax assets / (liabilities) at the beginning 468 501 515
Translation differences (32) (18) 17
Income tax paid 1,088 1,020 863
Current income tax expense (1,153 ) (1,048 ) (901)
Income tax on other comprehensive income (2) 2 1
Income tax benefit arising on exercise of stock options 6 10 6
Tax impact on buyback expenses 1 1 —
Additions through business combination (2) — —
Net current income tax assets / (liabilities) at the end 374 468 501
The movement in gross deferred income tax assets / liabilities (before set off) for fiscal 2023 is as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Carrying
value as of
April 1, 2022Changes
through
profit
and lossAddition 
through 
business 
combinationChanges
through OCITranslation
differenceCarrying
value as of
March 31, 2023
Deferred income tax assets / 
(liabilities)
Property, plant and equipment 21 2 — — (2) 21
Lease liabilities 24 6 — — (3) 27
Accrued compensation to employees 7 2 — — (1) 8
Trade receivables 28 6 — — (2) 32
Compensated absences 70 6 — — (6) 70
Post sales client support 17 14 — — (1) 30
Credits related to branch profits 89 (2) — — — 87
Derivative financial instruments (3) 3 — — — —
Intangibles 6 1 — — — 7
Intangibles arising on business 
combinations (41) 9 (10) — — (42)
Branch profit tax (110) 5 — — — (105)
SEZ reinvestment reserve (112) (62) — — 10 (164)
Others 11 21 — — — 32
Total Deferred income tax assets / 
(liabilities) 7 11 (10) — (5) 3 
The movement in gross deferred income tax assets / liabilities (before set off) for fiscal 2022 is as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Carrying
value as of
April 1, 2021Changes
through
profit
and lossChanges
through OCITranslation
differenceCarrying
value as of
March 31, 2022
Deferred income tax assets / 
(liabilities)
Property, plant and equipment 35 (13) — (1) 21
Lease liabilities 23 2 — (1) 24
Accrued compensation to employees 6 2 — (1) 7
Trade receivables 30 (1) — (1) 28
Compensated absences 68 4 — (2) 70
Post sales client support 16 1 — — 17
Credits related to branch profits 48 42 — (1) 89
Derivative financial instruments (8) 4 — 1 (3)
Intangibles 4 2 — — 6
Intangibles arising on business 
combinations (50) 8 — 1 (41)
Branch profit tax (68) (42) — — (110)
SEZ reinvestment reserve (84) (32) — 4 (112)
Others 10 3 (2) — 11
Total Deferred income tax assets / 
(liabilities) 30 (20) (2) (1) 7
The movement in gross deferred income tax assets / liabilities (before set off) for fiscal 2021 is as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
Carrying
value as of
April 1, 2020Changes
through
profit
and lossAddition
through
business
combinationChanges
through OCITranslation
differenceCarrying
value as of
March 31, 2021
Deferred income tax assets / 
(liabilities)
Property, plant and equipment 32 2 — — 1 35
Lease liabilities 18 4 — — 1 23
Accrued compensation to employees 7 (1) — — — 6
Trade receivables 26 3 — — 1 30
Compensated absences 57 9 — — 2 68
Post sales client support 15 1 — — – 16
Credits related to branch profits 50 (1) — — (1) 48
Derivative financial instruments 21 (28) — (1) — (8)
Intangibles 3 1 — — — 4
Intangibles arising on business 
combinations (56) 10 (3) — (1) (50)
Branch profit tax (73) 5 — — — (68)
SEZ reinvestment reserve (11) (72) — — (1) (84)
Others 14 (5) — — 1 10
Total Deferred income tax assets / 
(liabilities) 103 (72) (3) (1) 3 30 
The deferred income tax assets and liabilities is as follows:
(Dollars in millions)
As of
March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Deferred income tax assets after set off 152 160
Deferred income tax liabilities after set off (149) (153)
In assessing the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the management considers whether some portion or all of 
the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred income tax assets is dependent 
upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the temporary differences become deductible. 
The Management considers the scheduled reversals of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income 
and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the level of historical taxable income and projections 
for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred income tax assets are deductible, the management 
believes that the Group will realize the benefits of those deductible differences. The amount of the deferred income 
tax assets considered realizable, however, could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income 
during the carry forward period are reduced.
The Company’s Advanced Pricing Arrangement (APA) with the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) for US branch income 
tax expired in March 2021. The Company has applied for renewal of APA and currently the US taxable income is 
based on the Company’s best estimate determined based on the expected value method.
As of March 31, 2023, claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts from the Income tax authorities amounted 
to $494 million (₹4,062 crore).
As of March 31, 2022, claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts from the Income tax authorities amounted 
to $528 million (₹4,001 crore).
The amount paid to statutory authorities against the tax claims amounted to $794 million (₹6,528 crore) and $791 
million (₹5,996 crore) as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively.
The claims against the Group primarily represent demands arising on completion of assessment proceedings under the 
Income Tax Act, 1961. These claims are on account of multiple issues of disallowances such as disallowance of profits 
earned from STP Units and SEZ Units, disallowance of deductions in respect of employment of new employees under 
section 80JJAA, disallowance of expenditure towards software being held as capital in nature, payments made to 
Associated Enterprises held as liable for withholding of taxes.
These matters are pending before various Income tax Authorities.
The management including the Company’s tax advisors expect that the Company’s position will likely be upheld on 
ultimate resolution and will not have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial position and results of 
operations. 
2.19 Reconciliation of basic and diluted shares used in computing earnings per equity share
Accounting policy
Basic earnings per equity share is computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity holders of the Group 
by the weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per equity share is 
computed by dividing the net profit attributable to the equity holders of the Group by the weighted average number 
of equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per equity share and also the weighted average number of 
equity shares that could have been issued upon conversion of all dilutive potential equity shares. The dilutive potential 
equity shares are adjusted for the proceeds receivable had the equity shares been actually issued at fair value (i.e., the 
average market value of the outstanding equity shares). Dilutive potential equity shares are deemed converted as at 
the beginning of the period, unless issued at a later date. Dilutive potential equity shares are determined independently 
for each period presented.
 
The number of equity shares and potentially dilutive equity shares are adjusted retrospectively for all periods presented 
for any share splits and bonus shares issues including for changes effected prior to the approval of the financial 
statements by the Board of Directors. 
The following is a reconciliation of the equity shares used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per equity 
share:
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Basic earnings per equity share - weighted average number of 
equity shares outstanding (1)4,180,897,857 4,209,546,724 4,242,416,665
Effect of dilutive common equivalent shares - share options 
outstanding 6,833,213 8,978,410 8,315,802
Diluted earnings per equity share - weighted average number 
of equity shares and common equivalent shares outstanding 4,187,731,070 4,218,525,134 4,250,732,467
(1)excludes treasury shares
For fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were 9,960, nil and nil, respectively, options to purchase equity shares, which 
had an anti-dilutive effect.
2.20 Related party transactions
List of subsidiaries: 
Holding as of
Country March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022
Infosys Technologies (China) Co. Limited (Infosys China)(1)China 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Technologies S. de R. L. de C. V. (Infosys Mexico)(1)Mexico 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Technologies (Sweden) AB (Infosys Sweden)(1)Sweden 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Technologies (Shanghai) Company Limited (Infosys Shanghai)(1)China 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Nova Holdings LLC. (Infosys Nova)(1)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
EdgeVerve Systems Limited (EdgeVerve)(1)India 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Austria GmbH(1)Austria 100.00 % 100.00 %
Skava Systems Private Limited  (Skava Systems)(1)(26)India 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Chile SpA(1)Chile 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Arabia Limited(2)(26)Saudi Arabia 70.00 % 70.00 %
Infosys Consulting Ltda.(1)Brazil 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l(1)Luxembourg 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Americas Inc. (Infosys Americas)(1)(26)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Public Services, Inc. USA (Infosys Public Services)(1)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Canada Public Services Inc(19)(35)Canada — —
Infosys BPM Limited(1)(43)India 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys (Czech Republic) Limited s.r.o.(3)Czech Republic 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Poland Sp z.o.o(3)Poland 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys McCamish Systems LLC(3)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Portland Group Pty Ltd(3)Australia 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys BPO Americas LLC.(3)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting Holding AG (Infosys Lodestone)(1)Switzerland 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Management Consulting Pty Limited(4)Australia 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting AG(4)Switzerland 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting GmbH(4)Germany 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting S.R.L.(1)Romania 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting SAS(4)France 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting s.r.o. v likvidaci (formerly Infosys Consulting s.r.o.)(4)(34)Czech Republic — —
Infosys Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.(4)(30)China — —
Infy Consulting Company Ltd(4)U.K. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infy Consulting B.V.(4)The Netherlands 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting S.R.L.(45)Argentina 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting (Belgium) NV(4)Belgium 100.00 % 100.00 %
Panaya Inc. (Panaya)(1)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Panaya Ltd.(6)Israel 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Financial Services GmbH. (formerly Panaya GmbH)(54)Germany 100.00 % 100.00 %
Brilliant Basics Holdings Limited (Brilliant Basics)(1)(26)U.K. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Brilliant Basics Limited(7)(26)U.K. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.)(1)Singapore 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Middle East FZ LLC(8)Dubai 100.00 % 100.00 %
Fluido Oy(8)Finland 100.00 % 100.00 %
Fluido Sweden AB (Extero)(11)Sweden 100.00 % 100.00 %
Fluido Norway A/S(11)Norway 100.00 % 100.00 %
Fluido Denmark A/S(11)Denmark 100.00 % 100.00 %
Fluido Slovakia s.r.o(11)Slovakia 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Compaz Pte. Ltd(9)Singapore 60.00 % 60.00 %
Infosys South Africa (Pty) Ltd(8)South Africa 100.00 % 100.00 %
WongDoody Holding Company Inc. (WongDoody)(1)(36)U.S. — —
WDW Communications, Inc(10)(37)U.S. — —
WongDoody, Inc(10)(38)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
HIPUS Co., Ltd(9)Japan 81.00 % 81.00 %
Stater N.V.(9)The Netherlands 75.00 % 75.00 %
Stater Nederland B.V.(12)The Netherlands 75.00 % 75.00 %
Stater XXL B.V.(12)The Netherlands 75.00 % 75.00 %
HypoCasso B.V.(12)The Netherlands 75.00 % 75.00 %
Stater Participations B.V.(12)The Netherlands 75.00 % 75.00 %
Stater Belgium N.V./S.A.(13)Belgium 75.00 % 75.00 %
Stater Gmbh(12)(28)Germany 75.00 % 75.00 %
Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US)(15)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Simplus North America Inc.(16)(27)Canada — —
Simplus ANZ Pty Ltd.(16)Australia 100.00 % 100.00 %
Simplus Australia Pty Ltd(17)Australia 100.00 % 100.00 %
Sqware Peg Digital Pty Ltd(18)(31)Australia — —
Simplus Philippines, Inc.(16)Philippines 100.00 % 100.00 %
Simplus Europe, Ltd.(16)(29)U.K. — —
Infosys Fluido UK, Ltd. (formerly Simplus U.K., Ltd)(11)U.K. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Fluido Ireland, Ltd.(formerly Simplus Ireland, Ltd)(20)Ireland 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Limited Bulgaria EOOD(1)Bulgaria 100.00 % 100.00 %
Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc.(15)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Kaleidoscope Prototyping LLC(22)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
GuideVision s.r.o.(14)Czech Republic 100.00 % 100.00 %
GuideVision Deutschland GmbH(21)Germany 100.00 % 100.00 %
GuideVision Suomi Oy(21)Finland 100.00 % 100.00 %
GuideVision Magyarország Kft(21)Hungary 100.00 % 100.00 %
GuideVision Polska Sp. z.o.o(21)Poland 100.00 % 100.00 %
GuideVision UK Ltd(21)(26)U.K. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Blue Acorn iCi Inc (formerly Beringer Commerce Inc)(15)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Beringer Capital Digital Group Inc(15)(41)U.S. — —
Mediotype LLC(23)(41)U.S. — —
Beringer Commerce Holdings LLC(23)(41)U.S. — —
SureSource LLC(24)(39)U.S. — —
Blue Acorn LLC(24)(39)U.S. — —
Simply Commerce LLC(24)(39)U.S. — —
iCiDIGITAL LLC(25)(40)U.S. — —
Infosys BPM UK Limited(3)U.K. 100.00 % —
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Limited Sirketi(1)Turkey 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Germany Holding Gmbh(1)Germany 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH & Co. KG(1)Germany 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Green Forum(1)(32)India 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. (formerly Global Enterprise International (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.)(33)Malaysia 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Business Solutions LLC(1)(42)Qatar 100.00 % — 
Infosys Germany GmbH (formerly Kristall 247. GmbH (“Kristall”))(44)Germany 100.00 % —
oddity GmbH (46)Germany 100.00 % —
oddity (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (47)China 100.00 % —
oddity Limited (Taipei) (47)Taiwan 100.00 % —
oddity space GmbH (46)Germany 100.00 % —
oddity jungle GmbH  (46)Germany 100.00 % —
oddity code GmbH (46)Germany 100.00 % —
oddity code d.o.o (48)Serbia 100.00 % —
oddity waves GmbH (46)Germany 100.00 % —
oddity group services GmbH (46)Germany 100.00 % —
Infosys Public Services Canada Inc. (19)(5)Canada 100.00 % —
BASE life science AG (50)Switzerland 100.00 % —
BASE life science GmbH (50)Germany 100.00 % —
BASE life science A/S (49)Denmark 100.00 % —
BASE life science S.A.S (50)France 100.00 % —
BASE life science Ltd. (50)U.K. 100.00 % —
BASE life science S.r.l. (50)Italy 100.00 % —
Innovisor Inc.(50)U.S. 100.00 % —
BASE life science Inc.(50)U.S. 100.00 % —
BASE life science S.L.(50)(51)Spain 100.00 % —
Panaya Germany GmbH (6)(52)Germany 100.00 % —
Infosys Norway (8)(53)Norway 100.00 % —
(1) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited
(2) Majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Limited
(3) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys BPM Limited
(4) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Consulting Holding AG
(5) Incorporated on July 8, 2022
(6) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Panaya Inc.
(7) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Brilliant Basics Holding Limited.
(8) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd)
(9) Majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys 
Consulting Pte. Ltd.)
(10) Wholly-owned subsidiary of WongDoody Holding Company Inc. (WongDoody)
(11) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Fluido Oy
(12) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Stater N.V
(13) Majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Stater Participations B.V.
(14) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infy Consulting Company Limited
(15) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Nova Holdings LLC
(16) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Outbox Systems Inc.
(17) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Simplus ANZ Pty Ltd 
(18) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Simplus Australia Pty Ltd
(19) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Public Services, Inc.
(20) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Fluido UK, Ltd. (formerly Simplus U.K., Ltd)
(21) Wholly-owned subsidiary of GuideVision s.r.o.
(22) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc. 
(23) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Blue Acorn iCi Inc
(24) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Beringer Commerce Holdings LLC
(25) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Beringer Capital Digital Group Inc.
(26) Under liquidation
(27) Liquidated effective April 27,2021
(28) Incorporated on August 4, 2021
(29) Liquidated effective July 20, 2021
(30) Liquidated effective September 1, 2021
(31) Liquidated effective September 2, 2021 
(32) Incorporated on August 31, 2021
(33) On December 14, 2021, Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Infosys Limited acquired 100% of voting interests in Infosys (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. (formerly Global 
Enterprise International (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.)
(34) Liquidated effective December 16, 2021
(35) Liquidated effective November 23, 2021
(36) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, merged with WongDoody Inc, effective 
December 31, 2021
(37) Wholly-owned subsidiary of WongDoody Holding Company Inc. (WongDoody), merged with 
WongDoody Inc, effective December 31, 2021
(38) Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, effective December 31, 2021
(39) Merged with Beringer Commerce Holdings LLC, effective January 1, 2022
(40) Merged with Beringer Capital Digital Group Inc, effective January 1, 2022
(41) Merged with Blue Acorn iCi Inc, effective January 1, 2022
(42) Incorporated on February 20, 2022
(43) On March 17, 2022, Infosys Limited acquired non-controlling interest of 0.01% of the voting 
interests in Infosys BPM Limited.
(44) On March 22, 2022, Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Infosys Limited acquired 100% of voting interests in Infosys Germany GmbH (formerly Kristall 247. 
GmbH (“Kristall”) ).
 (45) Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Argentina) (formerly a Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Consulting Holding AG) 
became the majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Limited with effect from April 1, 2022
(46) On April 20, 2022, Infosys Germany GmbH (formerly Kristall 247. GmbH (“Kristall”)) (a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.)) acquired 100% of voting interests 
in oddity space GmbH, oddity jungle GmbH, oddity waves GmbH, oddity group services GmbH, oddity code GmbH 
and oddity GmbH.
(47) Wholly-owned subsidiary of oddity GmbH
(48) Wholly-owned subsidiary of oddity code GmbH.
(49) On September 1, 2022, Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.) (a Wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Infosys Limited) acquired 100% of voting interests in BASE life science A/S.
(50) Wholly-owned subsidiary of BASE life science A/S
(51) Incorporated on September 6, 2022
(52) Incorporated effective December 15, 2022
(53) Incorporated effective February 7, 2023.
(54) Infosys Financial Services GmbH. (formerly Panaya GmbH) became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys 
Singapore Pte. Ltd (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.) with effect from February 23, 2023. 
List of other related parties:
Particulars Country Nature of relationship
Infosys Limited Employees’ Gratuity Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys
Infosys Limited Employees’ Provident Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys
Infosys Limited Employees’ Superannuation Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys
Infosys BPM Limited Employees’ Superannuation Fund 
Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys BPM 
Infosys BPM Limited Employees’ Gratuity Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of Infosys BPM 
EdgeVerve Systems Limited Employees’ Gratuity Fund 
Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of EdgeVerve
EdgeVerve Systems Limited Employees’ Superannuation 
Fund Trust India Post-employment benefit plan of EdgeVerve
Infosys Employees’ Welfare Trust India Controlled Trust
Infosys Employee Benefits Trust India Controlled Trust
Infosys Science Foundation India Controlled Trust
Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Trust India Controlled Trust
Infosys Foundation (1)(2)India Trust jointly controlled by KMPs
(1)Effective January 1, 2022
(2)During Fiscal 2023, the Group contributed $44 million towards CSR.
Refer to Note 2.14 for information on transactions relating to the post-employment benefit plans mentioned above.
List of Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
Whole-time directors
Salil Parekh, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
U.B. Pravin Rao, Chief Operating Officer (retired as a Chief Operating Officer and Whole-time director effective 
December 12, 2021)
Non-whole-time directors
Nandan M. Nilekani
D. Sundaram (appointed as lead independent director effective March 23, 2023)
Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw (retired as lead independent director effective March 22, 2023)
Michael Gibbs
Govind Iyer (appointed as an independent director effective January 12, 2023)
D.N. Prahlad (resigned effective April 20, 2020)
Uri Levine (retired effective April 19, 2023)
Bobby Parikh (appointed effective July 15, 2020)
Dr. Punita Kumar-Sinha (retired effective January 13, 2021)
Chitra Nayak (appointed effective March 25, 2021)
Helene Auriol Potier (appointed as an independent director effective May 26, 2023) 
Executive Officers
Nilanjan Roy, Chief Financial Officer
Inderpreet Sawhney, Group General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer 
Shaji Mathew (appointed as Group Head - Human Resources effective March 22, 2023)
Krishnamurthy Shankar (retired as Group Head - Human Resources and Infosys Leadership Institute effective March 
21, 2023)
Mohit Joshi (resigned as President effective March 11, 2023 and was on leave till June 9, 2023 which was his last date 
with the Company)
Ravi Kumar S (resigned as President effective October 11, 2022)
Transactions with Key Managerial Personnel (KMP)
The table below describes the related party transactions with key management personnel which comprises directors 
and executive officers under IAS 24:
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31,
2023 2022 2021
Salaries and other employee benefits to whole-time directors and 
executive officers(1)(2)14 18 19
Commission and other benefits to non-executive / independent 
directors 2 2 1
Total 16 20 20
(1)Includes employee stock compensation expense of $6 million, $9 million and $10 million for fiscal 2023, 2022 
and 2021, respectively, towards key managerial personnel (Refer to Note 2.17). Stock compensation expense 
for fiscal 2023 includes reversal of expense on account of resignation / retirement of KMP.
(2)Does not include post-employment benefit and other long term benefits based on actuarial valuation as this is 
done for the Company as a whole.
 
2.21 Segment reporting
IFRS 8 establishes standards for the way that public business enterprises report information about operating segments 
and related disclosures about products and services, geographic areas, and major customers. The Group's operations 
predominantly relate to providing end-to-end business solutions to enable clients to enhance business performance.
The chief operating decision maker (CODM) evaluates the Group's performance and allocates resources based on an 
analysis of various performance indicators by business segments. Accordingly, information has been presented along 
business segments. The accounting principles used in the preparation of the financial statements are consistently 
applied to record revenue and expenditure in individual segments and are as set out in the accounting policies.
Business segments of the Group are primarily enterprises in Financial Services and Insurance, enterprises in 
Manufacturing, enterprises in Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics, enterprises in the Energy, Utilities, 
Resources and Services, enterprises in Communication, Telecom OEM and Media, enterprises in Hi-Tech, enterprises 
in Life Sciences and Healthcare and all other segments. The Financial Services reportable segments has been 
aggregated to include the Financial Services operating segment and Finacle operating segment because of the 
similarity of the economic characteristics. All other segments represent the operating segments of businesses in India, 
Japan, China, Infosys Public Services & other enterprises in Public Services.
Revenue and identifiable operating expenses in relation to segments are categorized based on items that are 
individually identifiable to that segment. Revenue for 'all other segments' represents revenue generated by Infosys  
Public Services and revenue generated from customers located in India, Japan and China and other enterprises in 
Public Services. Allocated expenses of segments include expenses incurred for rendering services from the Group's 
offshore software development centers and on-site expenses, which are categorized in relation to the associated efforts 
of the segment. Certain expenses such as depreciation and amortization, which form a significant component of total 
expenses, are not specifically allocable to specific segments as the underlying assets are used interchangeably. The 
management believes that it is not practical to provide segment disclosures relating to those costs and expenses, and 
accordingly these expenses are separately disclosed as "unallocated" and adjusted against the total income of the 
Group.
Assets and liabilities used in the Group's business are not identified to any of the reportable segments, as these are 
used interchangeably between segments. Management believes that it is currently not practicable to provide segment 
disclosures relating to total assets and liabilities since a meaningful segregation of the available data is onerous.
Business segment revenue information is collated based on individual customers invoiced or in relation to which the 
revenue is otherwise recognized.
Disclosure of revenue by geographic locations is given in note 2.11 Revenue from operations.
2.21.1 Business segments
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31, 2023Financial 
Services(1)Retail(2)Communication(3)Energy,
Utilities,
Resources
and Services Manufacturing Hi TechLife
Sciences(4)All Other 
Segments(5)Total
Revenues 5,434 2,632 2,246 2,300 2,357 1,472 1,251 520 18,212
Identifiable operating expenses 3,103 1,352 1,380 1,231 1,551 864 724 348 10,553
Allocated expenses 985 487 401 430 426 242 209 130 3,310
Segment profit 1,346 793 465 639 380 366 318 42 4,349
Unallocable expenses 524
Operating profit 3,825
Other income, net (Refer to Note 
2.16) 335
Finance cost (Refer to Note 2.8) 35
Profit before Income taxes 4,125
Income tax expense 1,142
Net profit 2,983
Depreciation and amortization 524
Non-cash expenses other than 
depreciation and amortization—
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31, 
2022Financial 
Services(1)Retail(2)Communication(3)Energy,
Utilities,
Resources
and Services Manufacturing Hi TechLife
Sciences(4)All Other 
Segments(5)Total
Revenues 5,218 2,379 2,035 1,942 1,787 1,346 1,142 462 16,311
Identifiable operating 
expenses 2,967 1,158 1,231 1,029 1,133 798 649 316 9,281
Allocated expenses 867 399 353 347 332 213 174 124 2,809
Segment profit 1,384 822 451 566 322 335 319 22 4,221
Unallocable expenses 466
Operating profit 3,755
Other income, net (Refer 
to Note 2.16) 308
Finance cost (Refer to 
Note 2.8) 27
Profit before Income 
taxes 4,036
Income tax expense 1,068
Net profit 2,968
Depreciation and 
amortization 466
Non-cash expenses other 
than depreciation and 
amortization— 
(Dollars in millions)
Year ended March 31, 
2021Financial 
Services(1)Retail(2)Communication(3)Energy,
Utilities,
Resources
and Services Manufacturing Hi TechLife
Sciences(4)All Other 
Segments(5)Total
Revenues 4,399 1,991 1,703 1,692 1,275 1,155 927 419 13,561
Identifiable operating 
expenses 2,378 937 991 877 674 648 475 259 7,239
Allocated expenses 813 363 335 335 255 176 161 118 2,556
Segment profit 1,208 691 377 480 346 331 291 42 3,766
Unallocable expenses 441
Operating profit 3,325
Other income, net (Refer to 
Note 2.16) 297
Finance cost (Refer to Note 
2.8) 26
Profit before Income taxes 3,596
Income tax expense 973
Net profit 2,623
Depreciation and 
amortization 441
Non-cash expenses other 
than depreciation and 
amortization—
(1) Financial Services include enterprises in Financial Services and Insurance
(2) Retail includes enterprises in Retail, Consumer Packaged Goods and Logistics 
(3) Communication includes enterprises in Communication, Telecom OEM and Media
(4) Life Sciences includes enterprises in Life sciences and Health care
(5) Others include operating segments of businesses in India, Japan, China, Infosys Public Services & other 
enterprises in Public Services
2.21.2 Significant clients
No client individually accounted for more than 10% of the revenues for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021.
2.22 Litigation
The Group is subject to legal proceedings and claims, which have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The 
Group’s management reasonably expects that these legal actions, when ultimately concluded and determined, will not 
have a material and adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations or financial condition. 
Item 19. Exhibits
 
Exhibit number Description of document
**1.1 Articles of Association of the Registrant, as amended
**********1.2 Memorandum of Association of the Registrant, as amended
****1.3 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, as currently in effect
2.1Description of Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act
******4.1 Form of Deposit Agreement among the Registrant, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas and 
holders from time to time of American Depositary Receipts issued thereunder (including as an 
exhibit, the form of American Depositary Receipt) (incorporated by reference to the document 
previously filed as Exhibit 99 (A) to Form F-6 POS filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on June 28, 2017
*******4.2 Registrant’s 2011 RSU Plan
***4.3 Registrant’s 2015 Stock Incentive Compensation Plan
*********4.4 Registrant’s Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program – 2019 
*****4.5 Employees Welfare Trust Deed of Registrant Pursuant to Employee Stock Offer Plan (P)
***********4.6 Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Trust Deed
********4.7 Form of Indemnification Agreement
4.10 Form of Employment Agreement with the Chief Executive Officer 
4.11 Overview of Executive Leadership Compensation
8.1List of Subsidiaries
*11.2 Code of Conduct and Ethics
12.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
12.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
13.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
13.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
*****15.1 Registrant’s Specimen Certificate for Equity Shares (P)
15.9 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
15.10 Dividend Distribution Policy 
101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document
101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)
* Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed on July 
19, 2018.
** Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed on 
June 12, 2017.
*** Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed on 
May 18, 2016.
**** Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed on 
May 20, 2015.
***** Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form F-1 
(File No. 333-72195) in the form declared effective on March 9, 1999.
****** Incorporated by reference to the exhibits filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registrant’s 
Registration Statement on Form F-6 (File No. 001-35754) filed on June 28, 2017.
******* Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Registrant’s Form S-8 filed on August 4, 2014.
******** Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed on May 
13, 2013.
*********
**********Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with the Registrant’s Form S-8 filed on February 28, 2020.
Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed on June 
19, 2019.
*********** Incorporated by reference to exhibits filed with Registrant’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed on May 
29, 2020.
(P) - Previously filed on paper form  
SIGNATURES
The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused 
and authorized the undersigned to sign this Annual Report on its behalf.
 Infosys Limited
/s/ Inderpreet Sawhney
  
 Inderpreet Sawhney
Date: June 15, 2023 Group General Counsel and Chief Compliance OfficerExhibit 2.1
 
Description of securities
 
Description of Indian Equity Shares
 
Set forth below is the material information concerning the share capital of Infosys Limited (“Company”, “we”, 
“us”, or “our”) and a brief summary of the material provisions of our Articles of Association, Memorandum of 
Association, Companies Act, 2013 and other related Indian laws. The following description of our equity shares 
and the material provisions of our Articles of Association and Memorandum of Association does not purport to 
be complete and is qualified in its entirety by our Articles of Association and Memorandum of Association that 
have been filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 20-F (available under the following links: 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1067491/000106749117000021/exv01w01.htm and 
https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1067491/000156459019022837/infy-ex12_1403.htm) and by the 
provisions of applicable law. We advise that you read our Articles of Association and Memorandum of 
Association in their entirety as they contain important additional information that is not included herein. Further, 
the summary of any laws set forth below is based on laws applicable as on March 31, 2023 and is not intended to 
constitute a complete analysis of all laws applicable to the Company and its securities or a substitute for 
professional legal advice.
General
 
As of March 31, 2023, we had the following series of securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: 
 
Title of each class  Trading Symbol (s)  Name of each exchange on
which registered
American Depositary Shares 
(“ADSs”), each represented by one 
equity share, par value ₹ 5 per share  INFY   The New York Stock Exchange 
Equity share, par value ₹ 5 per 
share*    
 
*Not for trading, but only in connection with the listing of ADSs on the New York Stock Exchange.
Our authorized share capital is ₹24,000,000,000 (Rupees two thousand four hundred crore only) divided into 
4,800,000,000 (four hundred and eighty crore only) equity shares, having a par value of ₹5/- per share. For the 
purpose of this “Description of Equity Shares”, “shareholder” means a shareholder who is registered as a member 
in our register of members or whose name appears in the beneficiary position maintained by the depositories. The 
Company has not issued any bearer shares.
Dividends 
Under the Indian Companies Act our board of directors (the “Board”) recommends the payment of a dividend 
which is then approved by our shareholders in a general meeting. However, the Board is not obliged to recommend 
a dividend.
Under our Articles of Association and the Indian Companies Act, at its annual general meeting of shareholders 
(“AGM”), the Company may declare a dividend, to be paid to shareholders according to their respective rights 
and interests in profits. No dividends shall exceed the amount recommended by the Board. In India, dividends are 
generally declared per equity share and are to be distributed and paid to shareholders in cash and in proportion to 
the paid-up value of their shares, within 30 days of the AGM at which the dividend is approved by shareholders. 
Pursuant to our Articles of Association and the Indian Companies Act, the Board has the discretion to declare and 
pay interim dividends without shareholder approval in compliance with the conditions specified under the Indian 
Companies Act. As per the terms of our listing of the equity shares and ADSs of the Company, we are required 
to inform the stock exchanges, on which our equity shares and ADSs are listed, of the dividend declared per equity 
share and the record date/book closure date for determining the shareholders who are entitled to receive dividends. 
Under the Indian Companies Act, a dividend can be paid only in cash to registered shareholders as of the record 
date. A dividend may also be paid in cash or by cheque or warrant or in any electronic mode to the shareholder.The Indian Companies Act provides that any dividends that remain unpaid or unclaimed after a period of 30 days 
from the date of declaration of a dividend are to be transferred to a special bank account opened by the company 
at an approved bank. We transfer any dividends that remain unpaid or unclaimed within seven days from the date 
of expiry of the 30 days to such account. If any amount in this account has not been claimed by the eligible 
shareholders within seven years from the date of the transfer, we transfer the unclaimed dividends to an Investor 
Education and Protection Fund (“IEPF”) established by the Government of India under the provisions of the Indian 
Companies Act. Further, according to the IEPF Rules, the shares in respect of which dividend has not been paid 
or claimed by the shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall also be transferred to IEPF Authority. 
Shareholders may note that both the unclaimed dividend and corresponding shares transferred to IEPF including 
all benefits accruing on such shares, if any, can be claimed back from IEPF following the procedure prescribed in 
the IEPF Rules. No claim will lie in respect thereof with the Company.
Under the Indian Companies Act, dividends may be paid out of profits of a company in the year in which the 
dividend is declared after providing for depreciation or out of the undistributed profits of previous fiscal years 
after providing for depreciation. Before declaring any dividend in any financial year, a company may transfer a 
percentage of its profits which it considers appropriate to its reserves.
The Indian Companies Act further provides that in the event of an inadequacy or absence of profits in any year, a 
dividend may be declared for such year out of the company’s accumulated profits that have been transferred to its 
free reserves, subject to the following conditions:
•The dividend rate declared shall not exceed the average of the rates at which dividends were declared 
by the company in the three years immediately preceding that year (this condition is not applicable 
where the company has not declared dividends in the three financial years immediately preceding that 
year);
•The total amount to be drawn from the accumulated profits earned in the previous years and 
transferred to the reserves may not exceed an amount equivalent to 10% of the sum of its paid-up 
capital and free reserves as appearing in the latest audited financial statement, and the amount so 
drawn is to be used first to set off the losses incurred in the fiscal year in which dividend is declared 
before any dividends in respect of equity shares are declared;
•The balance of reserves after such withdrawals shall not fall below 15% of the company’s paid-up 
capital as appearing in the latest audited financial statement; and
•The Company cannot declare a dividend unless carried over previous losses and depreciation which 
are not provided in previous year or years are set off against profit of the company for the current year 
during which the dividend is sought to be declared.
Bonus Shares 
In addition to permitting dividends to be paid out of current or retained earnings as described above, the Indian 
Companies Act permits a company to distribute an amount transferred from its free reserves to its shareholders in 
the form of bonus shares (similar to a stock dividend). The Indian Companies Act also permits the issuance of 
bonus shares from capitalization of the securities premium account and the capital redemption reserve account. 
However, no issuance of bonus shares can be made by capitalizing reserves created by the revaluation of assets. 
Bonus shares are distributed to shareholders in the proportion recommended by the Board and such announcement 
of the decision of the Board recommending an issue of bonus shares cannot be subsequently withdrawn. 
Shareholders of the company on a fixed record date are entitled to receive such bonus shares.
Any issue of bonus shares would be subject to the guidelines issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (“SEBI”) in this regard. The relevant SEBI guidelines prescribe that no company shall issue any equity 
shares by way of bonus unless it is authorized by its articles of association and the company has made reservation 
of equity shares of the same class in favor of the holders of outstanding compulsorily convertible debt instruments, 
if any, in proportion to the convertible portion thereof (which may be issued at the time of conversion of the debt 
instruments on the same terms or same proportion at which the bonus shares were issued). The bonus issue must 
be made out of free reserves, securities premium account or capital redemption reserve account, and built out of 
the genuine profits or share premium collected in cash only. The bonus issue cannot be made unless the partly 
paid shares, if any existing, are made fully paid-up. Further, for the issuance of such bonus shares a company 
should not have defaulted in the payment of interest or principal in respect of fixed deposits and interest on existing 
debentures or principal on redemption of such debentures. A company is not allowed to declare bonus in lieu of dividend. Further, a company should have sufficient reason to believe that it has not defaulted in respect of the 
payment of statutory dues of the employees such as contribution to provident fund, gratuity, bonus, etc. The 
issuance of bonus shares must be implemented within 15 days from the date of approval by the Board (where 
shareholders’ approval is not required), provided that where the company is required to seek shareholders’ 
approval for capitalization of profits or reserves for making the bonus issue, it shall be implemented within two 
months from the date of approval by the Board. The bonus issue cannot be withdrawn after the decision to make 
a bonus issue has been announced.
Consolidation and Subdivision of Shares 
The Indian Companies Act permits a company to split or combine the par value of its shares at a general meeting 
of the shareholders, if so authorized by its articles of association, with the approval of its shareholders. 
Shareholders on record on a fixed record date are entitled to receive the split or combination.
Pre-emptive Rights and Issue of Additional Shares
 
The Indian Companies Act gives shareholders the right to subscribe to new shares in proportion to their respective 
existing shareholdings in the event of a further issue of shares by a company, unless otherwise determined by a 
special resolution passed by a general meeting of the shareholders. Under the Indian Companies Act, in the event 
of a pre-emptive issuance of shares, subject to the limitations set forth above, a company must first offer the new 
shares to its shareholders on a fixed record date. The offer must include: (i) the right, exercisable by the 
shareholders on record, to renounce the shares offered in favor of any other person and (ii) the number of shares 
offered and the period of offer, which may not be less than 15 days (or such lesser number of days as may be 
prescribed) and not exceeding 30 days from the date of offer. If the offer is not accepted, it is deemed to have been 
declined and thereafter the Board is authorized under the Indian Companies Act to distribute any new shares not 
purchased by the pre-emptive rights holders in the manner which is not disadvantageous to the shareholders and 
the company.
Meetings of Shareholders 
We must convene an AGM each year within 15 months of the previous AGM or within six months of the end of 
the previous fiscal year, whichever is earlier. In certain circumstances, a three-month extension may be granted 
by the Registrar of Companies to hold the AGM. The AGM is generally convened by our Company Secretary 
pursuant to a resolution of the Board. The AGM is convened to transact the following ordinary resolutions (i) the 
consideration of financial statements and the reports of the Board and auditors; (ii) the declaration of any dividend; 
(iii) the appointment of directors in place of those retiring; and (iv) the appointment of, and the fixing of the 
remuneration of, the auditors. All other business is treated as special business. In addition, the Board may convene 
an Extraordinary General Meeting of shareholders (“EGM”) when necessary or at the request of a shareholder or 
shareholders holding at least 10% of our paid-up capital carrying voting rights to transact any special business. 
Written notice setting out the agenda of any meeting must be given at least 21 days prior to the date of any general 
meeting to the shareholders on record, excluding the days of mailing and date of the meeting. The EGM must be 
held at a place within India. The AGM must be held at our registered office or at such other place within the city 
in which the registered office is located. The Indian Companies Act allows companies to transact other than 
ordinary businesses and any business in respect of which directors or auditors have a right to be heard at any 
meeting, by means of a postal ballot coupled with electronic voting. The list of business that is allowed under a 
postal ballot is explained hereunder.
Certain resolutions, such as those listed below, are to be voted on only by a postal ballot:
•alteration of the objects clause of the memorandum and articles of association;
•alteration of the articles of association to constitute the Company into a private company;
•change in place of the registered office outside the local limits of any city, town or village;
•change in objects for which a company has raised money from the public through a prospectus and 
still has any unutilized amount out of the money so raised;
•issue of shares with differential rights as to voting or dividend or otherwise under Section 43 (a)(ii) 
of the Indian Companies Act;
•variation in the rights attached to a class of shares or debentures or other securities as specified under 
Section 48 of the Indian Companies Act;•buy-back of shares;
•election of a director under Section 151 of the Indian Companies Act;
•sale of the whole or substantially the whole of an undertaking of a company as specified under Section 
180 (1)(a) of the Indian Companies Act; and
•giving loans or extending guarantee or providing security in excess of the limit specified under Section 
186(3) of the Indian Companies Act.
 
Voting Rights 
At any general meeting, to provide an opportunity to the shareholders to exercise their votes towards the 
resolutions proposed at the AGM, the Company arranges for an e-voting facility, and voting through ballot will 
also be made available at the AGM. The members who have not already cast their vote by remote e-voting can 
exercise their vote at the AGM. The Chairperson has a casting vote in the case of tie. Any shareholder of the 
company entitled to attend and vote at a meeting of the company may appoint a proxy. The instrument appointing 
a proxy must be delivered to the company at least 48 hours prior to the meeting. Unless the Articles of Association 
otherwise provide, a proxy may not vote except on a poll. A corporate shareholder may appoint an authorized 
representative who can vote on behalf of the shareholder, upon remote e-voting or at the general meeting. An 
authorized representative is also entitled to appoint a proxy. Pursuant to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
(Amendment) Regulations, 2018 (“Listing Regulations”), it is mandatory for remote e-voting facilities to be 
provided to all shareholders in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions in accordance with the procedure prescribed 
under the Indian Companies Act.
As per the Indian Companies Act, ordinary resolutions may be passed by simple majority at any general meeting 
for which the required period of notice has been given. However, special resolutions for matters such as 
amendments to the articles of association, the waiver of pre-emptive rights for the issuance of any new shares and 
a reduction of share capital require that votes cast in favor of the resolution (whether by show of hands or 
electronically or on a poll) are not less than three times the number of votes, if any, cast against the resolution by 
members so entitled and voting.
However, any company which is required to mandatorily provide its members with a facility to exercise their right 
to vote on resolutions at a general meeting by electronic means can pass the above-mentioned resolutions through 
electronic vote instead of postal ballot. Companies whose equity shares are listed on recognized stock exchange 
and if it has not less than one thousand members are compulsorily required to provide their members with a facility 
to exercise their right to vote on resolutions at a general meeting by electronic means. The equity shares of the 
Company are listed on a recognized stock exchange and it has more than one thousand members. Hence, the 
Company is eligible to pass the above-mentioned resolutions by electronic vote.
Indian law mandates that two-thirds of the non-independent directors on the Board retire by rotation every year, 
and one-third of them whose office of directorship is the longest shall mandatorily retire by rotation. Retiring 
directors qualify for reappointment. Executive directors are appointed by the shareholders for a maximum period 
of five years, but are eligible for reappointment upon completion of their term. An independent director shall hold 
office for a term of up to five consecutive years and will be eligible for reappointment on the passing of a special 
resolution by the shareholders.
An independent director can hold office for only two consecutive terms and will be eligible for reappointment 
after three years of ceasing to be an independent director, provided he/she is not appointed in or associated with 
the company in any capacity (whether directly or indirectly) during such three-year period.
As per applicable provisions in India, cumulative voting for election of directors is not recognized. The Companies 
Act recognizes the number of shares held as the number of votes available for cast. A shareholder may choose to 
cast all of his, her or its votes either in favor or against or partially in favor and against each resolution.
Register of Shareholders; Record Dates; Transfer of Shares 
We maintain a register of shareholders held in electronic form through National Securities Depository Limited 
and the Central Depository Services (India) Limited. To determine which shareholders are entitled to specified 
shareholder rights such as a dividend or a rights issue, we may close the register of shareholders for a specified period not exceeding 30 days at one time. The date on which this period begins is the record date. The Indian 
Companies Act requires us to give at least seven days’ prior notice to the public in the prescribed manner before 
such closure, unless a lesser period is specified by the SEBI. We may not close the register of shareholders for 
more than 30 consecutive days at any one time, and in no event for more than forty-five days in a year. The Listing 
Regulations also prescribe that there should be a time gap of at least 30 days between two record dates.
Following the introduction of the Depositories Act, 1996, and the repeal of Section 22A of the Securities Contracts 
(Regulation) Act, 1956, which enabled companies to refuse to register transfers of shares in some circumstances, 
the equity shares of a public company are freely transferable, subject only to the provisions of Section 58 of the 
Indian Companies Act and Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations. Since we are a public company, the 
provisions of Section 58 will apply to us. In accordance with the provisions of Section 58(2) of the Indian 
Companies Act, the securities or other interests of the member are freely transferable except where there is any 
contract or arrangement between two or more persons in respect of transfer of securities, which may be enforced 
as a contract. If our Board refuses to register a transfer of shares, the shareholder wishing to transfer his, her or its 
shares may file an appeal with the National Company Law Tribunal. The SEBI vide its notification dated June 8, 
2018 and through additional notification dated May 27, 2019 clarified that effective April 1, 2019 except in case 
of transmission or transposition of securities, requests for effecting transfer of securities shall not be processed 
unless the securities are held in dematerialized form with a depository. To that extent, transfer of securities held 
physically is restricted by the Government of India and such shares will be transferable if converted and held in 
dematerialized mode. Subsequently, an amendment was introduced to the Regulation 40 of the Listing Regulations 
pursuant to which requests for effecting transfer of securities shall not be processed unless the securities are held 
in the dematerialized form with a depository. It further provides that transmission or transposition of securities 
held in physical or dematerialized form shall be effected only in dematerialized form.
Pursuant to Section 59(4) of the Indian Companies Act, if a transfer of shares contravenes any of the provisions 
of the Indian Companies Act, the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 and Securities and Exchange Board 
of India Act, 1992 or the regulations issued thereunder or any other Indian laws, the National Company Law 
Tribunal may, on application made by the relevant company, a depository company, Depositary participant, the 
holder of securities or the SEBI, direct any company or a Depositary to set right the contravention and to rectify 
the registers, records of members and / or beneficial owners.
Our registrar and share transfer agent (“RTA”) for our equity shares is KFin Technologies Limited, located in 
Hyderabad, India.
The SEBI vide its amendment notification dated June 8, 2018 and through additional clarification dated May 27, 
2019 clarified that effective April 1, 2019 except in case of transmission or transposition of securities, requests 
for effecting transfers of securities shall not be processed unless the securities are held in dematerialized form 
with a depository. Subsequently, the SEBI by way of a notification dated January 24, 2022, which amended certain 
provisions of the Listing Regulations, did away with the carve-out provided for transmission and transposition of 
securities. Pursuant to the said amendment, the transmission or transposition of securities held in physical or 
dematerialized form can be effected only in dematerialized form. Further, pursuant to the SEBI circular dated 
January 25, 2022, all listed companies have been mandated to issue securities only in dematerialized form, while 
processing the following service requests: (a) issue of duplicate securities certificate; (b) claim from unclaimed 
suspense account; (c) renewal / exchange of securities certificate; (d) endorsement; (e) sub-division / splitting of 
securities certificate; (f) consolidation of securities certificates / folios; (g) transmission; and (h) transposition.
 
Disclosure of Ownership Interest 
Section 89 of the Indian Companies Act requires holders of record who do not hold beneficial interests in shares 
of Indian companies to declare to the company certain details, including the nature of the holder’s interest and 
details of the beneficial owner. Any person who fails to make the required declaration within 30 days may be 
liable for a fine of up to ₹50,000 and where the failure is a continuing one, a further fine of ₹200 for each day that 
the declaration is not made subject to a maximum of ₹500,000. Failure to comply with Section 89 will not affect 
the obligation of the company to pay any dividends to the registered holder of any shares pursuant to which such 
declaration has not been made. Beneficial interest in a share includes, directly or indirectly, through any contract, 
arrangement or otherwise, the right or entitlement of a person alone or together with any other person to: (i) 
exercise or cause to be exercised any or all of the rights attached to such share; or (ii) receive or participate in any 
dividend or other distribution in respect of such share.  While it is unclear under Indian law whether Section 89 
applies to holders of ADSs of the company, investors who exchange ADSs for the underlying equity shares of the 
company will be subject to the restrictions of Section 89. Additionally, holders of ADSs may be required to comply with such notification and disclosure obligations pursuant to the provisions of the Deposit Agreement entered into 
by such holders, the company and the Depositary.
Declaration of Significant beneficial ownership in the Company 
Section 90 of the Indian Companies Act requires individual shareholders who, acting alone or together, or through 
one or more persons or trust, including a trust and persons resident outside India, holding beneficial interest of not 
less than 10% in shares of a company or the right to exercise, or the actual exercising of, significant influence or 
control over the company shall make a declaration to the company, specifying the nature of his interest. The 
Companies (Significant Beneficial Ownership) Rules, 2018 (as amended from time to time) prescribe the 
thresholds and applicable rules for identifying a 'significant beneficial owner' and provides for filings and 
disclosures to be made in the event of change in details. Any person failing to submit the required disclosures is 
punishable with a minimum fine of fifty thousand rupees which may extend to two lakh rupees. Where the failure 
is a continuing one, the individual will be levied a further fine which may extend to one thousand rupees for every 
day after the first during which the failure continues.
Audit and Annual Report 
Under the Indian Companies Act, a company must file its financial statements with the Registrar of Companies 
within 30 days from the date of the AGM. As per the Listing Regulations, the copies of the annual report as sent 
to the shareholders, along with the notice of the AGM, are required to be submitted to the stock exchanges on 
which the company’s shares are listed and published on the company's website, along with the notice of the AGM, 
not later than the day of commencement of dispatch to its shareholders. At least 21 days before the AGM, a listed 
company must distribute soft copies of the full Annual Report to all those shareholders who have registered their 
email addresses for this purpose, physical copies of the Annual Report to its shareholders who have not registered 
their email addresses for this purpose and to those shareholders who ask for the same. A company must also file 
an annual return containing a list of the company’s shareholders and other company information within 60 days 
of the conclusion of the AGM.
Reduction of Share Capital 
Under the Indian Companies Act, a company may by a special resolution and approval of the court / tribunal of 
the state in which the registered office of the company is situated reduce the share capital in the manner prescribed 
by the Indian Companies Act, provided that such reduction is authorized by the articles of association of the 
company. These provisions shall not apply in the case of a buyback of shares by the Company.
Company Acquisition of Equity Shares 
A company may acquire its own equity shares without seeking the approval of the court or National Company 
Law Tribunal in compliance with prescribed rules, regulations and conditions of the Indian Companies Act. In 
addition, public companies which are listed on a recognized stock exchange in India must comply with the 
provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018 (“Buy-back 
Regulations”). Since we are a public company listed on two recognized stock exchanges in India, we would have 
to comply with the relevant provisions of the Indian Companies Act and the provisions of the Buy-back 
Regulations. The Buy-back Regulations provide two ways to buy back shares: the Tender Offer method and the 
Open Market through book building or the Stock Exchange method. Under the Tender Offer route, in order for 
the ADS holders to participate in a company's purchase of its own shares, the ADS holders must have previously 
taken certain actions in order to withdraw the equity shares underlying the ADSs held by the ADS holders in 
advance of the record date fixed for the buyback and should have become holders of equity shares on such record 
date. Under the Open Market route, the buyback must be done through the stock exchanges in India.
There can be no assurance that shares offered by an ADS investor in any buyback of shares by us will be accepted 
by us. Any conversion of ADSs into underlying equity shares and re-conversion of such equity shares into ADSs 
is currently subject to limits of permissible foreign shareholding in the Company. Foreign investment of up to 
100% of our share capital is currently permitted by Indian laws. Participation by ADS holders in a buyback is also 
subject to Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, if any, Income 
Tax Act, 1961 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014 (the “DR 
Scheme”), as applicable, Circular on framework for issue of Depositary Receipts dated October 10, 2019 (read 
with circular SEBI/HO/MRD2/DCAP/CIR/P/2 dated November 28, 2019, 
SEBI/HO/MRD/DCAP/CIR/P/2020/190 dated October 1, 2020 and SEBI/HO/MRD2/DCAP/CIR/P/2020/243 
dated December 18, 2020) and also subject to such approvals, if and to the extent necessary or required from concerned authorities including, but not limited to, approvals from the Reserve Bank of India (“RBI”) under 
Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and rules and regulations framed thereunder, if any. ADS investors are 
advised to consult their legal advisors for advice prior to participating in any buyback by us, including advice 
related to any related regulatory approvals and tax issues.
Liquidation Rights 
As per the Indian Companies Act and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, certain payments have 
preference over payments to be made to equity shareholders. These payments having preference include payments 
to be made by the Company to its employees, taxes, payments to secured and unsecured lenders and payments to 
holders of any shares entitled by their terms to preferential repayment over the equity shares. In the event of our 
winding-up, the holders of the equity shares are entitled to be repaid the amounts of paid-up capital or credited as 
paid-upon those equity shares after payments have been made by the Company as set out above. Subject to such 
payments having been made by the Company, any surplus assets are paid to holders of equity shares in proportion 
to their shareholdings.
Redemption of Equity Shares 
Subject to the buy-back of shares as set out in the section titled “Company Acquisition of Equity Shares”, under 
the Indian Companies Act equity shares are not redeemable.
Discriminatory Provisions in Articles 
There are no provisions in our Articles of Association discriminating against or in favor of any existing or 
prospective holder of such securities as a result of such shareholder owning a substantial number of shares. There 
are no restrictions on the securities of the Company by any other class of securities or contracts.
Alteration of Shareholder Rights 
Under the Indian Companies Act and subject to the provisions of the memorandum or articles of association of a 
company, the rights of any class of shareholders can be altered or varied (i) with the consent in writing of the 
holders of not less than three-fourths of the issued shares of that class; or (ii) by special resolution passed at a 
separate meeting of the holders of the issued shares of that class. However, if the variation by one class of 
shareholders affects the rights of any other class of shareholders, the consent of three-fourths of such other class 
of shareholders shall also be required. In the absence of any such provision in the articles, such alteration or 
variation is permitted as long as it is not prohibited by the terms of the issue of shares of such a class.
Limitations on the Rights to Own Securities 
The subscription, purchase and sale of shares of an Indian company are governed by various Indian laws restricting 
the issuance of shares by the company to non-residents or subsequent transfer of shares by or to non-residents. 
Non-residents can invest in the securities of Indian companies subject to fulfillment of conditions prescribed by 
the RBI from time to time. It may be noted that a non-resident cannot acquire shares of a listed company on a 
stock exchange unless such non-resident is (i) registered as a foreign portfolio investor (“FPI”) with the SEBI; (ii) 
an individual resident outside India who is a citizen of India (“NRI”) or (iii) an individual resident outside India 
who is registered as an Overseas Citizen of India cardholder under the Citizenship Act, 1955 (“OCI”) ) or (d) is a 
person resident outside India investing under the foreign direct investment (“FDI”) route has already acquired 
control of such company in accordance with SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeover) Regulations, 
2011 (“Takeover Code”) and continues to hold such control. 
Subject to certain conditions, FDI in most industry sectors does not require prior approval of Government of India 
or the RBI if the percentage of equity holding by all foreign investors does not exceed specified industry-specific 
thresholds. These conditions include certain minimum pricing requirements, compliance with the Takeover Code 
(as defined below), and ownership restrictions based on the nature of the foreign investor (as described below). 
Purchases by foreign investors of ADSs are treated as direct foreign investment in the equity issued by Indian 
companies for such offerings. Foreign investment of up to 100% of our share capital is currently permitted by 
Indian laws. With a view to safeguard domestic organizations from hostile or opportunistic acquisitions in the 
midst of the COVID-19 pandemic, by way of the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) 
Amendment Rules, 2020 issued on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance has made the prior approval of the 
Government mandatory for receiving foreign investments (including the subsequent transfer of ownership), on or after April 22, 2020, from countries that share a land border with India. This requirement also applies in cases 
where the beneficial owner of such foreign investment (both at the time of investment and any change thereafter 
due to transfer of ownership) is situated in or is a citizen of a country sharing a land border with India.
NRIs and OCIs are permitted to purchase or sell equity instruments of a listed Indian company on repatriation 
basis on a recognized stock exchange in India through a branch designated by an authorized dealer for this purpose. 
An NRI or OCI can purchase up to 5% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or should not 
exceed 5% of the paid-up value of each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants issued by an 
Indian company, subject to the condition that the total holdings of all NRIs and OCIs together does not exceed 
10% of the total paid-up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or should not exceed 10% of the paid-up value of 
each series of debentures or preference shares or share warrants. The 10% ceiling may be exceeded if a special 
resolution is passed in a general meeting of the shareholders of a company, subject to an overall ceiling of 24%. 
In addition, NRIs may also make FDIs in Indian companies pursuant to the FDI route discussed above.
Overseas corporate bodies controlled by NRIs (“OCBs”) were previously permitted to invest on favorable terms 
under the Portfolio Investment Regulation. The RBI no longer recognizes OCBs as an eligible class of investment 
vehicle under various routes and schemes under the foreign exchange regulations.
Transfers of shares or convertible debentures of the company, by way of sale or gift, between two non-residents 
(other than NRI, OCI or erstwhile OCB) are not subject to RBI approvals or pricing restrictions. However, for 
sectors in which FDI requires prior government approval (FDI in the information technology sector does not 
require prior government approval), approval from the Government of India will be required for a transfer between 
two non-residents.
Investments by FPIs are governed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) 
Regulations, 2019 (“FPI Regulations”), the Master Circular issued by the SEBI for FPIs, designated depository 
participants and eligible foreign investors dated December 19, 2022, the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-
debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 ("Non-Debt Rules") as well as the Foreign Exchange Management (Debt 
Instruments) Regulations, 2019, from an Indian exchange control perspective. FPIs are required to be registered 
with the designated depository participant on behalf of SEBI subject to compliance with ‘Know Your Customer’ 
norms. FPIs can invest only in permitted securities, such as:
a. shares, debentures and warrants issued by a body corporate, listed or to be listed on a recognized stock 
exchange in India;
b. units of schemes launched by mutual funds under Chapter V, VI-A and VI-B of the SEBI (Mutual Fund) 
Regulations, 1996;
c. units of schemes floated by a Collective Investment Scheme in accordance with the SEBI (Collective 
Investment Schemes) Regulations, 1999;
d. derivatives traded on a recognized stock exchange;
e. units of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“ReIT”), Infrastructure Investment Trusts (“InvIT”) and 
Category III Alternative Investment Funds registered with SEBI;
f. Indian Depository Receipts;
g. dated government securities/ treasury bills;
h. non-convertible debentures/bonds issued by an Indian company;
i. commercial papers issued by an Indian company; 
j. units of domestic mutual funds or Exchange-Traded Funds (“ETFs”) which invest less than or equal to 
50 percent in equity;
k. Security Receipts (SRs) issued by Asset Reconstruction Companies; 
l. debt instruments issued by banks, eligible for inclusion in regulatory capital; 
m. Credit enhanced bonds;
n. Listed non-convertible/redeemable preference shares or debentures issued in terms of Regulation 6 of 
Foreign Exchange Management (Debt Instrument) Regulations, 2019; o. Securitised debt instruments, including (i) any certificate or instrument issued by a special purpose 
vehicle (SPV) set up for securitisation of asset/s with banks, Financial Institutions or NBFCs as 
originators;
p. Rupee denominated bonds/units issued by Infrastructure Debt Funds, provided this will include such 
instruments issued on or after November 22, 2011 and held by FPIs;
q. Municipal bonds;
r. such other instruments specified by SEBI from time to time.
A single FPI (including its investor group) is permitted to purchase equity shares of a company only below 10% 
of the paid-up equity capital of the company (on a fully diluted basis). If the investment made by a person resident 
outside India in a listed Indian company is less than 10% of the post issue paid-up equity share capital (on a fully 
diluted basis) of such listed Indian company or less than 10% of the paid up value of each series of equity 
instruments of such listed Indian company, such investment would be categorized as foreign portfolio investment. 
However, there is a distinction between such foreign portfolio investment and investment by an entity registered 
with SEBI as an FPI. In other words, all investments by a SEBI registered FPI will necessarily be categorized as 
foreign portfolio investments, however investments by entities not registered as FPI with SEBI can also be 
categorized as ‘foreign portfolio investments’ if it is within the prescribed limits. Subject to compliance with all 
applicable Indian laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and approvals in terms of Regulation 21 of the FPI 
Regulations, an FPI may issue, subscribe to or otherwise deal in offshore derivative instruments (as defined under 
the FPI Regulations as any instrument, by whatever name called, which is issued overseas by a FPI against 
securities held by it in India, as its underlying) directly or indirectly, only in the event (i) such offshore derivative 
instruments are issued only by persons registered as Category I FPIs; (ii) such offshore derivative instruments are 
issued only to persons who are eligible for registration as Category I FPIs; (iii) such offshore derivative 
instruments are issued after compliance with ‘know your client’ norms; and (iv) compliance with other conditions 
as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time. An FPI issuing offshore derivative instruments is also required 
to ensure any transfer of any offshore derivative instrument issued by or on behalf of it is made to persons who 
fulfil the above requirements. Further, prior consent of the FPI issuing the offshore derivative instrument is to be 
obtained for such transfer, except when the persons to whom the offshore derivative instruments are to be 
transferred to are pre-approved by the FPI. Category II FPIs or persons who would be categorized as Category II 
FPIs cannot deal in offshore derivative instruments.
The Non-Debt Rules provide that an FPI may purchase equity instruments of a listed Indian company on a 
recognized stock exchange in India or through public offer or private placement, subject to the individual and 
aggregate limits and the conditions specified. The transaction involving dealing in securities by a FPI shall be 
only through stockbrokers registered with SEBI. However, under the FPI Regulations, an FPI may deal in 
securities without a stock broker registered with SEBI in case of (i) transactions in Government securities and 
such other securities falling under the purview of the RBI carried out in the manner as specified by the RBI; (ii) 
sale of securities in response to a letter of offer sent by an acquirer in accordance with the SEBI (Substantial 
Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011; (iii) sale of securities in response to an offer made by 
any promoter or acquirer in accordance with the erstwhile SEBI (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009; 
(iv) sale of securities in accordance with the SEBI (Buy-back of Securities) Regulations, 2018; (v) divestment of 
securities in response to an offer by Indian companies in accordance with Operative Guidelines for Disinvestment 
of Shares by Indian Companies in the overseas market through issue of American Depository Receipts or Global 
Depository Receipts as notified by the Government of India from time to time; (vi) any bid for, or acquisition of 
securities in response to an offer for disinvestment of shares made by the Central Government or any State 
Government; (vii) in any transaction in securities pursuant to an agreement entered into with merchant banker in 
the process of market making or subscribing to unsubscribed portion of the issue in accordance with Chapter IX 
of the SEBI (ICDR) Regulations, 2018; (viii) through transactions in corporate bonds; (ix) transactions on the 
electronic book provider platform of recognized stock exchanges; (x) transactions to receive and hold unlisted 
securities as referred at Regulation 20(2) of the FPI Regulations and transactions in unlisted securities received 
through involuntary corporate actions including a scheme of a merger or demerger approved in accordance with 
the provisions of the Indian Companies Act, 2013 as well as the applicable guidelines issued by SEBI or pursuant 
to implementation of any resolution plan approved under the Indian Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 or in 
accordance with the guidelines issued by the Government of India or RBI or any other regulator for a scheme of 
debt resolution, provided that such unlisted holdings of the FPI shall be treated as an FDI; (xi) transactions for 
transfer of rights entitlements; (xii) purchase of illiquid or suspended or delisted securities; and (xiii) transactions 
with other registered FPIs, who have a multi investment manager structure with the same beneficial owner and 
have common Permanent Account Number; and (xiv) any other transaction as may be specified by SEBI.As per the Non-Debt Rules, the total holding of each FPI (or an investor group) shall be below 10% of the total 
paid up equity capital on a fully diluted basis or less than 10% of the paid up value of each series of debentures or 
preference shares or share warrants issued by an Indian company. The FPIs investing in breach of the prescribed 
limit of 10% shall have the option of divesting their holdings within five trading days from the date of settlement 
of the trades causing the breach. In case the FPI chooses not to divest, then the entire investment in the company 
by such FPI and its investor group shall be considered as investment under FDI and the FPI and its investor group 
shall not make further portfolio investment in the company concerned. The divestment of the holdings by FPI and 
the reclassification of FPI investment as FDI shall be subject to further conditions, if any, specified by SEBI and 
the RBI in this regard. 
Effective April 1, 2020, the aggregate limit for investment by FPIs is the sectoral caps applicable to the Indian 
company as set out under the FDI route. Prior to March 31, 2020, companies were provided the option of setting 
a lower aggregate limit of 24% or 49% or 74% as deemed fit, instead of the sectoral caps, with the approval of its 
board of directors and shareholders (through a special resolution). If a company has decreased its aggregate limit 
to 24% or 49% or 74%, it may subsequently increase such aggregate limit to 49% or 74% or the sectoral cap or 
statutory ceiling, respectively as deemed fit, with the approval of its board of directors and shareholders (through 
a special resolution). Once the aggregate limit has been increased to a higher threshold, the Indian company cannot 
reduce the same to a lower threshold. The aggregate limit with respect to an Indian company in a sector where 
FDI is prohibited is 24%.
Aggregate foreign portfolio investment of up to 49% of the paid-up capital on a fully diluted basis or sectoral / 
statutory cap, whichever is lower, will not be subject to either Government approval or compliance of sectoral 
conditions, as the case may be, if such investment does not result in transfer of ownership and control of the 
resident Indian company from resident Indian citizens or transfer of ownership or control to persons resident 
outside India and other investments by a person resident outside India shall be subject to the conditions of 
Government approval and compliance of sectoral conditions as laid down in the Non-Debt Rules. [Section 9 of 
the Income Tax Act was amended vide Finance Act, 2017 so as to clarify that explanation 5 shall not apply to an 
asset or capital asset, which is held by a non-resident by way of investment, directly or indirectly, in an FII as 
referred to in clause (a) of the explanation to section 115AD of the Income Tax Act for an assessment year 
commencing on or after the April 1, 2012 but before the April 1, 2015. This amendment takes effect 
retrospectively from April 1, 2012 and will, accordingly, apply from assessment year 2012-13 and subsequent 
assessment years. Section 9 of the Income Tax Act has been further amended so as to clarify that explanation 5 
shall not apply to an asset or capital asset, which is held by a non-resident by way of investment, directly or 
indirectly, in Category-I or Category-II FPI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio 
Investors) Regulations, 2014, made under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 (15 of 1992). 
This amendment takes effect retrospectively from April 1, 2015 and will, accordingly, apply from assessment year 
2015-16 and subsequent assessment years.
Further, Finance Act 2020, dated March 27, 2020, has modified the above proviso to explanation 5. After the 
amendments, below shall be applicable with effect from April 1, 2020 and will, accordingly, apply in relation to 
the assessment year 2020-21 and subsequent assessment years.
 
Explanation 5 shall not apply to an asset or capital asset, which is held by a non-resident by way of investment, 
directly or indirectly, in a FII as referred to in clause (a) of the explanation to section 115AD of the Income Tax 
Act for an assessment year commencing on or after the April 1, 2012 but before the April 1, 2015. Further, 
explanation 5 shall not apply to an asset or capital asset, which is held by a non-resident by way of investment, 
directly or indirectly, in Category-I or Category-II FPI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign 
Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2014 prior to their repeal, made under the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India Act, 1992 (15 of 1992). Further, following proviso is also inserted vide Finance Act 2020, “Provided also 
that nothing contained in explanation 5 shall apply to an asset or a capital asset, which is held by a non-resident 
by way of investment, directly or indirectly, in Category-I foreign portfolio investor under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019, made under the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India Act, 1992”. 
 
Provisions on Changes in Capital Our authorized capital can be altered by an ordinary resolution of the 
shareholders in a general meeting. The additional issue of shares is subject to the pre-emptive rights of the 
shareholders. In addition, a company may increase its share capital, consolidate its share capital into shares of 
larger face value than that of its existing shares or sub-divide its shares by reducing their par value, subject to an 
ordinary resolution of the shareholders in a general meeting. Takeover Code Under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 
2011 (“Takeover Code”), upon acquisition of shares or voting rights in a public listed Indian company such that 
the aggregate shares or voting rights of the acquirer (meaning a person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or 
agrees to acquire shares or voting rights in a target company, or acquires or agrees to acquire control over the 
target company, either by himself or through or together with persons acting in concert with him) is 5% or more 
of the shares of the company, the acquirer together with such persons acting in concert with him required to, 
within two working days of such acquisition of shares or voting rights or receipt of intimation of allotment of 
shares, disclose the aggregate shareholding and voting rights in the company to the company and to the stock 
exchange(s) on which the shares of the company are listed.
Further, any person together with persons acting in concert with him, who holds shares or voting rights entitling 
them to 5% or more of the shares or voting rights in a target company must disclose the number of shares or voting 
rights held and change in shareholding or voting rights from the last disclosure made if it exceeds 2% of the total 
shareholding or voting rights in the company to the company and to the stock exchange(s)on which the shares of 
the company are listed, within two working days of the receipt of intimation of allotment of shares, or the 
acquisition or the disposal of shares or voting rights. This disclosure is required, in case of a sale, even if such 
sale results in the shareholding of the acquirer and the persons acting in concert falling below 5%. However, 
acquisition beyond 5% but up to 10% of the voting rights in a target company shall be permitted for the financial 
year of 2020-2021, if the acquisition is by a promoter pursuant to an preferential issue of equity shares by the 
target company.
The acquisition of shares or voting rights which entitles the acquirer and persons acting in concert with him to 
exercise 25% or more of the voting rights in or control over the target company triggers a requirement for the 
acquirer and the persons acting in concert with him to make an open offer to acquire at least 26% of the total 
shares of the target company for an offer price determined as per the provisions of the Takeover Code. The acquirer 
is required to make a public announcement for an open offer on the date on which it is agreed to acquire such 
shares or voting rights.
Where the public shareholding in the target company is reduced to a level below the limit specified in the 
Securities Contract (Regulation) Rules, 1957 (“SCRR”) read with the Listing Regulations re on account of shares 
being acquired pursuant to an open offer, the acquirer is required to take necessary steps as permitted under SEBI 
circular
SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/P/CIR/2023/18 dated February 3, 2023 (which superseded the SEBI circular 
SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD/CIR/P/43/2018 dated February 22, 2018) to facilitate compliance with the public 
shareholding threshold within the time prescribed in the SCRR. Pursuant to an amendments to the Takeover Code 
dated December 6, 2021, an acquirer can make an offer for delisting the company if such acquirer declares his 
intention to do so at the time of making the public announcement of an open offer as well as at the time of making 
the detailed public statement in accordance with the provisions of the Takeover Code, provided that if the open 
offer is for an indirect acquisition, that is not a deemed direct acquisition under sub-regulation (2) of regulation 5 
of the Takeover Code, the declaration of the intent to so delist is required to be made initially only in the detailed 
public statement. Where the target company fails to get delisted pursuant to such delisting offer, but which results 
in the shareholding of the acquirer exceeding the maximum permissible non-public shareholding threshold, the 
acquirer can undertake a further attempt to delist the target company in accordance with the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2009 (“Delisting Regulations”) during the 
period of 12 months from the date of completion of the open offer, subject to the acquirer continuing to exceed 
the maximum permissible non-public shareholding in the target company. Further, upon failure of the further 
delisting attempt, the acquirer shall ensure compliance of the minimum public shareholding requirement of the 
target company under the SCRR within a period of 12 months from the end of the aforesaid period. Subject to the 
above, if the shareholding of the acquirer exceeds the maximum permissible non-public shareholding in the 
company pursuant to an open offer, the acquirer will not be eligible to make a voluntary delisting offer under the 
Delisting Regulations, unless 12 months have elapsed from the date of the completion of offer period.
Since we are a listed company in India, the provisions of the Takeover Code will apply to us and to any person 
acquiring our equity shares or voting rights in our Company including the ADSs.
The ADSs entitle ADS holders to exercise voting rights in respect of the deposited equity shares (as described in 
the section below titled “Voting Rights of Deposited Equity Shares Represented by ADSs”). Accordingly, 
acquisition of the ADSs is subject to the provisions of the Takeover Code, including the requirement to make an 
open offer of at least 26% of the shares of a company to the existing shareholders of the company would be triggered by an ADS holder and any persons acting in concert with such ADS holder where the shares that underlie 
the holder’s (and any persons acting in concert with him) ADSs represent 25% or more of the shares or voting 
rights of the company.
Pursuant to the Listing Regulations, we have entered into listing agreements with each of the Indian stock 
exchanges on which our equity shares are listed and must report to the stock exchanges any disclosures made to 
the Company pursuant to the Takeover Code. Our Articles of Association do not contain a provision that would 
have an effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the company and that would operate 
only with respect to a merger, acquisition or corporate restructuring involving our company.
Maintenance of Minimum Public Shareholding as a Condition for Continuous Listing
The SCRR were amended on June 4, 2010 to make it mandatory for all listed companies in India to have a 
minimum public shareholding of 25%. The term ‘public shareholding’ for these purposes means equity shares of 
the company held by the public and includes shares underlying depository receipts if (i) the holder of such 
depository receipts has the right to issue voting instruction and (ii) such depository receipts are listed on an 
international exchange in accordance with the DR Scheme. Equity shares of a company held by a trust set up for 
implementing employee benefit schemes under the regulations framed by the SEBI are excluded from ‘public 
shareholding’.
Existing listed companies having a lower public shareholding are required to reach the prescribed threshold of 
25% by:
a. sale of shares held by promoter(s)/promoter group in the open market in any one of the following ways, 
subject to compliance with the conditions specified: i. Promoter(s)/Promoter group can sell up to 2% 
of the total paid-up equity share capital of the listed entity, subject to five times’ average monthly 
trading volume of the shares of the listed entity, every financial year till the due date for MPS 
compliance as per the SCRR or ii. Promoter(s)/Promoter group can sell up to a maximum of 5% of the 
paid-up capital of the listed entity during a financial year subject to the condition that the public holding 
in the listed entity shall become 25% after completion of such sale. The sale can be a single tranche or 
in multiple tranches not exceeding a period of 12 months and the amount of shares to be sold shall not 
exceed the trading volume of the shares of the listed entity during the preceding 12 months from the 
date of announcement; or
b. allotment of eligible securities through qualified institutional placement in terms of Chapter VI of the 
SEBI (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018; or
c. issuance of shares to the public through a prospectus; or
d. offers for sale of shares held by promoters/promoter group to the public through a prospectus; or
e. sale of shares held by promoters through the Stock Exchange mechanism i.e., the secondary market, in 
terms of circular reference no. SEBI/HO/ MRD/MRD-PoD-3/P/CIR/ 2023/10 dated January 10, 
2023.rights issues to public shareholders, with promoter / promoter group shareholders forgoing their 
entitlement to equity shares, whether present or future, that may arise from such issue; or
f. bonus issues to public shareholders, with promoter / promoter group shareholders forgoing their 
entitlement to equity shares, whether present or future, that may arise from such issue; or
g. increase in public holding pursuant to exercise of options and allotment of shares under an employee 
stock option scheme, subject to a maximum of 2% of the paid-up equity share capital of the listed entity; 
or
h. transfer of shares held by the promoter(s)/promoter group to an ETF managed by a SEBI-registered 
mutual fund, subject to a maximum of 5% of the paid-up equity share capital of the listed entity; or
i. any other method as may be approved by SEBI on a case-by-case basis.
Voting Rights of Deposited Equity Shares Represented by ADSs 
Under Indian law, voting in relation to the equity shares is by show of hands unless a poll is demanded by a 
member or members present in person or by proxy holding at least 10% of the total shares entitled to vote on the 
resolution or by those holding shares with an aggregate paid-up capital of at least ₹5,00,000. However, every 
company whose equity shares are listed on a recognized stock exchange and every company having not less than one thousand members shall provide to its members a facility to exercise their right to vote on resolutions proposed 
to be considered at a general meeting by electronic means. The Listing Regulations now provide that an e-voting 
facility must be mandatorily provided to shareholders in respect of all shareholders’ resolutions in accordance 
with the procedure prescribed in the Indian Companies Act. A proxy including a body corporate represented by 
an authorized representative may vote for the resolutions.
For a description of the voting rights of holders of ADSs, see “Description of American Depositary Shares – 
Voting Rights” below.
Issue of Securities through the Depository Receipt Mechanism 
The issue of securities through the depository receipt mechanism by Indian companies is governed by the Indian 
Companies Act, the Companies (Issue of Global Depository Receipts) Rules, 2014, the DR Scheme and the SEBI 
circulars dated October 10, 2019, November 28, 2019, October 1, 2020 and December 18, 2020 on the framework 
for the issue of depository receipts.
The Government of India approved the DR Scheme on October 21, 2014, which came into force on December 
15, 2014. Consequently, the Issue of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds and Ordinary Shares (Through 
Depository Receipt Mechanism) Scheme, 1993 has been repealed except to the extent relating to foreign currency 
convertible bonds. The DR Scheme is in addition to the other policies or facilities, as described above, relating to 
investments in Indian companies by foreign investors.
Under the DR Scheme, an Indian company, listed or unlisted, private or public, is permitted to issue or transfer 
permissible securities to a foreign depository for the purpose of issue of a Depository Receipt (“DR”) if such 
company has not been specifically prohibited from accessing capital markets or dealing in securities, subject to 
the conditions prescribed therein. However, the SEBI vide its circular dated October 10, 2019 DR Circular has 
now restricted the scope for issuance of DRs to companies incorporated in and listed on a recognized stock 
exchange in India. Permissible securities as per the DR Circular have been defined to mean "equity shares and 
debt securities, which are in dematerialized form and rank pari passu with the securities issued and listed on a 
Recognized Stock Exchange.”
The SEBI Circular has notified a detailed framework for issuance of DRs by a listed Indian company. The new 
framework which has come into force effective October 10, 2019, sets out eligibility requirements as well as 
certain obligations to be complied with by issuers of DRs. The circular issued on October 1, 2020 requires listed 
companies to appoint one of the Indian Depository as the "Designated Depository" for the purpose of monitoring 
of limits in respect of DRs. Further, the Depository Receipts (Amendment) Scheme, 2019 has also been notified 
on October 7, 2019 which amends the definition of 'permissible jurisdiction', inter alia, to include the International 
Financial Services Centre in India.
Previously, under the DR Scheme, companies were only required to comply with eligibility requirements 
pertaining to prohibition from accessing capital markets or dealing in securities. However, the current framework 
prescribes certain additional requirements including not being declared as a willful defaulter or a fugitive 
economic offender.
In addition to the requirements under the Indian Companies Act and the DR Scheme, the current framework sets 
out certain additional requirements for issuances of depository receipts. A permissible holder, i.e. a holder of 
depository receipts (including its beneficial owner), excludes an Indian resident and an NRI, which is over and 
above the requirements of the DR Scheme. However, in case of issue of DRs to NRIs pursuant to share based 
employee benefit schemes which are implemented by a company in terms of SEBI (Share Based Employee 
Benefits) Regulations 2014, a bonus issue and a rights issue, an NRI will not be excluded as a 'permissible holder' 
of DRs. 
A listed company issuing DRs is also now required to file with the Indian stock exchanges any public disclosure 
made to the international stock exchange within 24 hours from the date of filing. The issuer would also be required 
to file the offer document for an initial issue of DRs with SEBI and the stock exchanges to seek their comments, 
if any.
A listed company issuing DRs is also required to ensure compliance with extant laws including compliance with 
the minimum public shareholding requirements and limits on foreign investment holding under the FEMA. As regards pricing, the current framework provides that the pricing of DR issuances would have to be undertaken at 
a minimum price equivalent to the price determined for corresponding mode of issue to domestic investors.
Furthermore, the current requirements relating to exercise of voting rights have also been modified under the new 
framework. Under the DR Scheme, while the exercise of voting rights on the shares underlying the DRs could be 
dealt with contractually under the deposit agreement, if such voting rights were not exercisable by the DR holders, 
the shares would not be counted towards minimum public shareholding requirements. However, under the revised 
framework, voting rights on the underlying shares are mandatorily required to be exercised only by DR holders.
Description of American Depositary Shares (ADS)
 
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as depositary, registers and delivers the ADSs. Each ADS represents 
ownership of one equity share, deposited with ICICI Bank Limited, 1st Floor, Empire Complex, 414, Senapati 
Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013, India, as custodian for the depositary. Each ADS also represents 
ownership of any other securities, cash or other property which may be held by the depositary. As of March 31, 
2023, the depositary’s corporate trust office at which the ADSs are administered and the principal executive office 
of the depositary were located at Floor 17S, 1 Columbus Circle, New York NY, USA 10019.
The Direct Registration System, or DRS, is a system administered by The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, 
pursuant to which the depositary may register the ownership of uncertificated ADSs, which ownership shall be 
evidenced by periodic statements issued by the depositary to the ADS holders entitled thereto.
We will not treat ADS holders as our shareholders and accordingly, you, as an ADS holder, will not have 
shareholder rights.  Shareholder rights are governed under the Indian Companies Act and Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”).  
The depositary is the holder of the equity shares underlying your ADSs.  As a holder of ADSs, you will have ADS 
holder rights.  A deposit agreement among us, the depositary and you, as an ADS holder, and the beneficial owners 
of ADSs sets out ADS holder rights as well as the rights and obligations of the depositary.  The laws of the State 
of New York govern the deposit agreement and the ADSs.
The following is a summary of the material provisions of the deposit agreement, and such summary is subject to 
and qualified by the terms of the deposit agreement and the form of American Depositary Receipt, which have 
been filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.  
For more complete information, you should read the entire deposit agreement and the form of American 
Depositary Receipt.
Holding the ADSs
How will you hold your ADSs?
You may hold ADSs either (1) directly (a) by having an American Depositary Receipt, or ADR, which is a 
certificate evidencing a specific number of ADSs, registered in your name, or (b) by holding ADSs in DRS, or (2) 
indirectly through your broker or other financial institution.  If you hold ADSs directly, you are an ADS holder.  
This description assumes you hold your ADSs directly. ADSs will be issued through DRS, unless you specifically 
request certificated ADRs. If you hold the ADSs indirectly, you must rely on the procedures of your broker or 
other financial institution to assert the rights of ADS holders described in this section.  You should consult with 
your broker or financial institution to find out what those procedures are.
Dividends and Other Distributions
How will you receive dividends and other distributions on the shares?
The depositary has agreed to pay to you the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian receives on 
equity shares or other deposited securities, after deducting its fees and expenses.  You will receive these 
distributions in proportion to the number of equity shares your ADSs represent as of the record date (which will 
be as close as practicable to the record date for our equity shares) set by the depositary with respect to the ADSs.
•Cash.  The depositary will convert or cause to be converted any cash dividend or other cash 
distribution we pay on the equity shares or any net proceeds from the sale of any equity shares, rights, 
securities or other entitlements under the terms of the deposit agreement into U.S. dollars if it can do 
so on a reasonable basis and if it can transfer the U.S. dollars to the United States, and will distribute promptly the amount thus received. If the depositary shall determine in its judgment that such 
conversions or transfers are not possible or lawful or if any government approval or license is needed 
and cannot be obtained at a reasonable cost within a reasonable period or otherwise sought, the deposit 
agreement allows the depositary to distribute the foreign currency only to those ADS holders to whom 
it is possible to do so. It will hold or cause the custodian to hold the foreign currency it cannot convert 
for the account of the ADS holders who have not been paid and such funds will be held for the 
respective accounts of the ADS holders.  It will not invest the foreign currency and it will not be liable 
for any interest for the respective accounts of the ADS holders.
•Before making a distribution, any taxes or other governmental charges, together with fees and 
expenses of the depositary, that must be paid, will be deducted.  See “Payment of Taxes” below.  It 
will distribute only whole U.S. dollars and cents and will round fractional cents down to the nearest 
whole cent.  
•Shares.  For any equity shares we distribute as a dividend or free distribution, either (1) the depositary 
will distribute additional ADSs representing such equity shares or (2) existing ADSs as of the 
applicable record date will represent rights and interests in the additional equity shares distributed, to 
the extent reasonably practicable and permissible under law, in either case, net of applicable fees, 
charges and expenses incurred by the depositary and taxes and/or other governmental charges.  The 
depositary will only distribute whole ADSs.  It will try to sell equity shares which would require it to 
deliver a fractional ADS and distribute the net proceeds in the same way as it does with cash. The 
depositary may sell a portion of the distributed equity shares sufficient to pay its fees and expenses, 
and any taxes and governmental charges, in connection with that distribution.
•Elective Distributions in Cash or Shares. If we offer holders of our equity shares the option to receive 
dividends in either cash or shares, the depositary, after consultation with us and having received timely 
notice as described in the deposit agreement of such elective distribution by us, has discretion to 
determine to what extent such elective distribution will be made available to you as a holder of the 
ADSs.  We must timely first instruct the depositary to make such elective distribution available to 
you and furnish it with satisfactory evidence that it is legal to do so.  The depositary could decide it 
is not legal or reasonably practicable to make such elective distribution available to you. In such case, 
the depositary shall, on the basis of the same determination as is made in respect of the equity shares 
for which no election is made, distribute either cash in the same way as it does in a cash distribution, 
or additional ADSs representing equity shares in the same way as it does in a share distribution.  The 
depositary is not obligated to make available to you a method to receive the elective dividend in shares 
rather than in ADSs. There can be no assurance that you will be given the opportunity to receive 
elective distributions on the same terms and conditions as the holders of equity shares.
•Rights to Purchase Additional Shares. If we offer holders of our equity shares any rights to subscribe 
for additional shares, the depositary shall having received timely notice as described in the deposit 
agreement of such distribution by us, consult with us, and we must determine whether it is lawful and 
reasonably practicable to make these rights available to you.  We must first instruct the depositary to 
make such rights available to you and furnish the depositary with satisfactory evidence that it is legal 
to do so.  If the depositary decides it is not legal or reasonably practicable to make the rights available 
but that it is lawful and reasonably practicable to sell the rights, the depositary will endeavor to sell 
the rights and in a riskless principal capacity or otherwise, at such place and upon such terms 
(including public or private sale) as it may deem proper distribute the net proceeds in the same way 
as it does with cash.  The depositary will allow rights that are not distributed or sold to lapse.  In that 
case, you will receive no value for them.
If the depositary makes rights available to you, it will establish procedures to distribute such rights and enable you 
to exercise the rights upon your payment of applicable fees, charges and expenses incurred by the depositary and 
taxes and/or other governmental charges. The Depositary shall not be obliged to make available to you a method 
to exercise such rights to subscribe for equity shares (rather than ADSs).
U.S. securities laws may restrict transfers and cancellation of the ADSs represented by shares purchased upon 
exercise of rights.  For example, you may not be able to trade these ADSs freely in the United States.  In this case, 
the depositary may deliver restricted depositary shares that have the same terms as the ADSs described in this 
section except for changes needed to put the necessary restrictions in place.
There can be no assurance that you will be given the opportunity to exercise rights on the same terms and 
conditions as the holders of equity shares or be able to exercise such rights. 
•Other Distributions.  Subject to receipt of timely notice, as described in the deposit agreement, from 
us with the request to make any such distribution available to you, and provided the depositary has 
determined such distribution is lawful and reasonably practicable and feasible and in accordance with 
the terms of the deposit agreement, the depositary will distribute to you anything else we distribute 
on deposited securities by any means it may reasonably deem equitable and practicable, upon your 
payment of applicable fees, charges and expenses incurred by the depositary and taxes and/or other 
governmental charges. If any of the conditions above are not met, the depositary may adopt such 
method as it deems equitable and practicable for the purpose of effecting the distribution, including 
by selling, or causing to be sold, what we distributed and distributing the net proceeds in the same 
way as it does with cash; or, if it is unable to sell such property, the depositary may dispose of such 
property in any way it deems reasonably practicable under the circumstances or return such property 
to us, and in either case you may have no rights to or arising from such property.
The depositary is not responsible if it decides that it is unlawful or impractical to make a distribution available to 
any ADS holders.  We have no obligation to register ADSs, shares, rights or other securities under the Securities 
Act.  We also have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of ADSs, shares, rights or 
anything else to ADS holders.  This means that you may not receive the distributions we make on our shares or 
any value for them if we and/or the depositary determines that it is illegal or not practicable for us or the depositary 
to make them available to you.
Deposit, Withdrawal and Cancellation
How are ADSs issued?
The depositary will deliver ADSs if you or your broker deposit equity shares or evidence of rights to receive 
equity shares with the custodian.  Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as 
stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, and receipt of any certifications required under the deposit agreement, 
the depositary will register the appropriate number of ADSs in the names you request and will deliver the ADSs 
to or upon the order of the person or persons entitled thereto.
How do ADS holders cancel an American Depositary Share?
You may turn in your ADSs at the depositary’s corporate trust office or by providing appropriate instructions to 
your broker.  Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock 
transfer taxes or fees, the depositary will deliver the equity shares and any other deposited securities underlying 
the ADSs to you or a person you designate at the office of the custodian.  Or, at your request, risk and expense, 
the depositary will deliver the deposited securities at its corporate trust office, to the extent permitted by law.
How do ADS holders interchange between Certificated ADSs and Uncertificated ADSs?
You may surrender your ADR to the depositary for the purpose of exchanging your ADR for uncertificated ADSs.  
The depositary will cancel that ADR and will send you a statement confirming that you are the owner of 
uncertificated ADSs.  Alternatively, upon receipt by the depositary of a proper instruction from a holder of 
uncertificated ADSs requesting the exchange of uncertificated ADSs for certificated ADSs, the depositary will 
execute and deliver to you an ADR evidencing those ADSs.
Voting Rights
How do you vote?
You may instruct the depositary to vote the equity shares or other deposited securities underlying your ADSs at 
any meeting at which you are entitled to vote pursuant to any applicable law, the provisions of our memorandum 
and articles of association, and the provisions of or governing the deposited securities.  Otherwise, you could 
exercise your right to vote directly if you withdraw the equity shares.  However, you may not know about the 
meeting sufficiently enough in advance to withdraw the equity shares.
 
If we ask for your instructions and upon timely notice from us, as described in the deposit agreement, the 
depositary will notify you of the upcoming meeting at which you are entitled to vote (including any vote by postal 
ballot) pursuant to any applicable law, the provisions of our memorandum and articles of association, and the provisions of or governing the deposited securities, and arrange to deliver our voting materials to you. The 
materials will include or reproduce (a) such information as is contained in such notice of meeting or solicitation 
of consents or proxies; (b) a statement that the ADS holders at the close of business on the ADS record date will 
be entitled, subject to any applicable law, the provisions of our memorandum and articles of association, and the 
provisions of or governing the deposited securities, to instruct the depositary as to the exercise of the voting rights, 
if any, pertaining to the equity shares or other deposited securities represented by such holder's ADSs; (c) a brief 
statement as to the manner in which such instructions may be given, including an express indication that the 
depositary shall notify such instruction to our chairman, or such other director our chairman may designate, and 
appoint our chairman or such other designated director as representative of the depositary and the holders of ADSs 
to attend such meeting and vote the deposited securities underlying the ADSs in the manner so instructed by such 
ADS holder; and (d) a brief statement as to the manner in which such instructions may be given or deemed given 
in accordance with the second to last sentence of this paragraph if no instruction is received, to the depositary to 
give a discretionary proxy to a person designated by us. Voting instructions may be given only in respect of a 
number of ADSs representing an integral number of equity shares or other deposited securities. For instructions 
to be valid, the depositary must receive them in writing on or before the date specified.  The depositary will try, 
insofar as is practical, subject to applicable law and the provisions of our memorandum and articles of association, 
to vote or cause to be voted the equity shares or other deposited securities (in person or by proxy or, if applicable, 
by postal ballot) as you instruct.  The depositary will only vote or attempt to vote as you instruct. If we timely 
requested the depositary to solicit your instructions but no instructions are received by the depositary from an 
owner with respect to any of the deposited securities represented by the ADSs of that owner on or before the date 
established by the depositary for such purpose, the depositary shall deem that owner to have instructed the 
depositary to give a discretionary proxy to a person designated by us with respect to such deposited securities, 
and, subject to receipt of required legal opinions and representations, the depositary shall give a discretionary 
proxy to a person designated by us to vote such deposited securities.  However, no such instruction shall be deemed 
given and no such discretionary proxy shall be given with respect to any matter if we inform the depositary we do 
not wish such proxy given, substantial opposition exists or the matter will adversely affect the rights of holders of 
the equity shares.
 
Under India law voting of equity shares is by show of hands unless a poll is demanded by a shareholder or 
shareholders present in person or by proxy holding at least 10% of the total shares entitled to vote on the resolution 
or holding shares on which an aggregate sum of not less than ₹5,00,000 or such higher amount as may be 
prescribed has been paid-up.  However, every company whose equity shares are listed on a recognized stock 
exchange and every company having not less than one thousand shareholders shall provide to its shareholders a 
facility to exercise their right to vote on resolutions proposed to be considered at a general meeting by electronic 
means.  A proxy including a body corporate represented by an authorized representative may vote for the 
resolution.
 
If the depositary receives instructions from holders of ADSs to demand a poll, the depositary may, subject to 
receipt of required legal opinions and representations, request our chairman or a person designated by our 
chairman to demand a poll, and our chairman or such designated person will endeavor to do so.
 
We cannot assure you that you will receive the voting materials in time to ensure that you can instruct the 
depositary to vote the equity shares underlying your ADSs.  
 
The depositary and its agents are not responsible for failing to carry out voting instructions or for the manner of 
carrying out voting instructions. This means that you may not be able to exercise your right to vote and you may 
have no recourse if the equity shares underlying your ADSs are not voted as you requested. 
Compliance with Regulations
Information Requests
Each ADS holder and beneficial owner shall provide such information as we or the depositary may request 
pursuant to law, including, without limitation, relevant India law, any applicable law of the United States of 
America, our memorandum and articles of association, any resolutions of our Board of Directors adopted pursuant 
to such memorandum and articles of association, the requirements of any markets or exchanges upon which the 
equity shares, ADSs or ADRs are listed or traded, or to any requirements of any electronic book-entry system by 
which the ADSs or ADRs may be transferred, regarding the capacity in which they own or owned ADRs, the 
identity of any other persons then or previously interested in such ADRs and the nature of such interest, and any 
other applicable matters.Disclosure of Interests 
Each ADS holder shall comply with the provisions of our memorandum and articles of association and India law 
with regard to notification to us of interests in the equity shares underlying such ADS holder’s ADSs, including 
disclosure of certain acquisitions and dispositions of ADSs or underlying equity shares within a prescribed period 
of time.
Each ADS holder also shall comply with our requests pursuant to India law, the rules and requirements of the 
New York Stock Exchange and any other stock exchange on which the equity shares are, or will be, registered, 
traded or listed or our memorandum and articles of association, which requests are made to provide information, 
inter alia, as to the capacity in which such ADS holder owns ADSs and regarding the identity of any other person 
interested in such ADSs and the nature of such interest and various other matters, whether or not they are ADS 
holders at the time of such requests.  
Fees and Expenses
As an ADS holder, you will be required to pay the service fees to the depositary bank and certain taxes and 
governmental charges (in addition to any applicable fees, expenses, taxes and other governmental charges payable 
on the deposited securities represented by any of your ADSs). A description of such service fees, taxes and 
governmental charges is included under “Item 12. Description of Securities Other Than Equity Securities – Fees 
and charges payable by holders of our ADSs” in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the US Securities 
and Exchange Commission.
 
Payment of Taxes
You will be responsible for any taxes or other governmental charges payable, or which become payable, on your 
ADSs or on the deposited securities represented by any of your ADSs.  The depositary may refuse to register or 
transfer your ADSs or allow you to withdraw the deposited securities represented by your ADSs until such taxes 
or other charges are paid.  It may apply payments owed to you or sell deposited securities represented by your 
ADSs to pay any taxes owed and you will remain liable for any deficiency. If the depositary sells deposited 
securities, it will, if appropriate, reduce the number of ADSs to reflect the sale and pay to you any net proceeds, 
or send to you any property, remaining after it has paid the taxes.  You agree to indemnify us, the depositary, the 
custodian and each of our and their respective agents, directors, employees and affiliates for, and hold each of 
them harmless from, any claims with respect to taxes (including applicable interest and penalties thereon) arising 
from any refund of taxes, reduced rate of withholding at source or other tax benefit obtained for you. Your 
obligations under this paragraph shall survive any transfer of ADRs, any surrender of ADRs and withdrawal of 
deposited securities or the termination of the deposit agreement.
Reclassifications, Recapitalizations and Mergers
 
If we:  Then:
Reclassify, split up or consolidate any of the 
deposited securities Each ADS will automatically represent its equal 
share of the new deposited securities.
Distribute securities on the equity shares that are 
not distributed to you, or recapitalize, reorganize, 
merge, liquidate, sell all or substantially all of our 
assets, or take any similar action The depositary may distribute some or all of the 
cash, shares or other securities it received. It may 
also deliver new ADSs or ask you to surrender 
your outstanding ADRs in exchange for new 
ADRs identifying the new deposited securities.  If 
the shares or securities received may not be 
lawfully distributed, it may also sell such shares or 
securities at public or private sale and distribute 
the net proceeds from such sale.
 
Amendment and Termination
How may the deposit agreement be amended?
We may agree with the depositary to amend the deposit agreement and the form of ADR without your consent for 
any reason.  If an amendment adds or increases fees or charges, except for taxes and other governmental charges or expenses of the depositary for registration fees, facsimile costs, delivery charges or similar items, including 
expenses incurred in connection with foreign exchange control regulations and other charges specifically payable 
by ADS holders under the deposit agreement, or prejudices a substantial existing right of ADS holders, it will not 
become effective for outstanding ADSs until 30 days after the depositary notifies ADS holders of the amendment.  
At the time an amendment becomes effective, you are considered, by continuing to hold your ADSs, to agree to 
the amendment and to be bound by the ADRs and the deposit agreement as amended. If any new laws are adopted 
which would require the deposit agreement to be amended in order to comply therewith, we and the depositary 
may amend the deposit agreement in accordance with such laws and such amendment may become effective 
before notice thereof is given to ADS holders.
How may the deposit agreement be terminated?
The depositary will terminate the deposit agreement if we ask it to do so, in which case the depositary will give 
notice to you at least 90 days prior to termination.  The depositary may also terminate the deposit agreement if the 
depositary has told us that it would like to resign, or if we have removed the depositary, and in either case we have 
not appointed a new depositary within 60 days.  In either such case, the depositary must notify you at least 30 
days before termination.
After termination, the depositary and its agents will do the following under the deposit agreement but nothing 
else: collect distributions on the deposited securities, sell rights and other property and deliver equity shares and 
other deposited securities upon cancellation of ADSs after payment of any fees, charges, taxes or other 
governmental charges.  Six months or more after the date of termination, the depositary may sell any remaining 
deposited securities by public or private sale. After that, the depositary will hold the money it received on the sale, 
as well as any other cash it is holding under the deposit agreement, for the pro rata benefit of the ADS holders 
that have not surrendered their ADSs.  It will not invest the money and has no liability for interest.  After such 
sale, the depositary’s only obligations will be to account for the money and other cash.  After termination, we 
shall be discharged from all obligations under the deposit agreement except for our obligations to the depositary 
thereunder. 
Books of Depositary
The depositary will maintain ADS holder records at its depositary office. You may inspect such records at such 
office during regular business hours but solely for the purpose of communicating with other holders in the interest 
of business matters relating to the Company, the ADRs and the deposit agreement.
The depositary will maintain facilities in the Borough of Manhattan, The City of New York to record and process 
the issuance, cancellation, combination, split-up and transfer of ADRs.
These facilities may be closed at any time or from time to time when such action is deemed necessary or advisable 
by the depositary in connection with the performance of its duties under the deposit agreement or at our reasonable 
written request.
Limitations on Obligations and Liability
The deposit agreement expressly limits our obligations and the obligations of the depositary and the custodian.  It 
also limits our liability and the liability of the depositary.  The depositary, the custodian and we:
•are only obligated to take the actions specifically set forth in the deposit agreement without gross 
negligence or willful misconduct;
•are not liable if any of us or our respective controlling persons or agents are prevented or forbidden 
from, or subjected to any civil or criminal penalty or restraint on account of, or delayed in, doing or 
performing any act or thing required by the terms of the deposit agreement and any ADR, by reason 
of any provision of any present or future law or regulation of the United States or any state thereof, 
India or any other country, or of any other governmental authority or regulatory authority or stock 
exchange, or on account of the possible criminal or civil penalties or restraint, or by reason of any 
provision, present or future, of our memorandum and articles of association or any provision of or 
governing any deposited securities, or by reason of any act of God or war or other circumstances 
beyond its control (including, without limitation, terrorism, nationalization, expropriation, currency 
restrictions, work stoppage, strikes, civil unrest, revolutions, rebellions, explosions and computer 
failure);•are not liable by reason of any exercise of, or failure to exercise, any discretion provided for in the 
deposit agreement or in our memorandum and articles of association or provisions of or governing 
deposited securities;
•are not liable for any action or inaction of the depositary, the custodian or us or their or our respective 
controlling persons or agents in reliance upon the advice of or information from legal counsel, 
accountants, any person presenting equity shares for deposit, any ADS holder, any beneficial owner 
or authorized representative thereof, or any other person believed by it in good faith to be competent 
to give such advice or information;
•are not liable for the inability of any holder of ADSs or beneficial owner to benefit from any 
distribution, offering, right or other benefit made available to holders of deposited securities that is 
not made available to holders of ADSs under the terms of the deposit agreement;
•are not liable for any special, consequential, indirect or punitive damages for any breach of the terms 
of the deposit agreement, or otherwise;
•may rely upon any documents we believe in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or 
presented by the proper party;
•disclaim any liability for any action or inaction or inaction of any of us in reliance upon the advice of 
or information from legal counsel, accountants, any person presenting equity shares for deposit, 
holders of ADSs beneficial owners, or any person believed in good faith to be competent to give such 
advice or information; and
•disclaim any liability for inability of any holder of ADSs or beneficial owner to benefit from any 
distribution, offering, right or other benefit made available to holders of deposited securities but not 
made available to holders of ADSs under the terms of the deposit agreement.
The depositary and any of its agents also disclaim any liability (i) for any failure to carry out any instructions to 
vote, the manner in which any vote is cast or the effect of any vote or failure to determine that any distribution or 
action may be lawful or reasonably practicable or for not exercising any right to vote, (ii) for the failure or 
timeliness of any notice from us, the content of any information submitted to it by us for distribution to you or for 
any inaccuracy of any translation thereof, (iii) for any investment risk associated with the acquisition of an interest 
in the deposited securities or the credit-worthiness of any third party, (iv) for any tax consequences that may result 
from ownership of ADSs, equity shares or deposited securities, or (v) for any acts or omissions made by a 
successor depositary.
In addition, the deposit agreement provides that each party to the deposit agreement (including each holder of 
ADSs, beneficial owner and holder of interests in the ADRs) irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted 
by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any lawsuit or proceeding against the depositary or 
us related to our shares, the ADSs or the deposit agreement.
 
In the deposit agreement, we and the depositary agree to indemnify each other under certain circumstances.
Requirements for Depositary Actions
Before the depositary will issue, deliver or register a transfer of an ADS, split-up, subdivide or combine ADSs, 
make a distribution on an ADS, or permit withdrawal of equity shares, the depositary or we may require:
•payment of stock transfer or other taxes or other governmental charges and transfer or registration 
fees charged by third parties for the transfer of any equity shares or other deposited securities and 
payment of the applicable fees, expenses and charges of the depositary;
•satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or any other matters contemplated 
in the deposit agreement; and
•compliance with (A) the provisions of our memorandum and articles of association and resolutions 
and regulations of our Board adopted pursuant to our memorandum and articles of association; (B) 
any laws or governmental regulations relating to the execution and delivery of ADRs or ADSs or to 
the withdrawal or delivery of deposited securities; and (C) such reasonable regulations and procedures 
as the depositary may establish, from time to time, consistent with the deposit agreement and 
applicable laws, including presentation of transfer documents.The depositary may refuse to issue and deliver ADSs or register transfers of ADSs generally when the register of 
the depositary or our transfer books are closed or at any time if the depositary or we determine that it is necessary 
or advisable to do so.
Your Right to Receive the Shares Underlying Your ADSs
You have the right to cancel your ADSs and withdraw the underlying equity shares at any time except:
•when temporary delays arise because: (1) the depositary has closed its transfer books or we have 
closed our transfer books; (2) the transfer of equity shares is blocked to permit voting at a 
shareholders’ meeting; or (3) we are paying a dividend on our equity shares;
•when you owe money to pay fees, taxes and similar charges; 
•when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order to comply with any laws or governmental 
regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of equity shares or other deposited securities;
•other circumstances specifically contemplated by Section I.A.(l) of the General Instructions to Form 
F-6 (as such General Instructions may be amended from time to time); or
•for any other reason if the depositary or we determine, in good faith, that it is necessary or advisable 
to prohibit withdrawals.
The depositary shall not knowingly accept for deposit under the deposit agreement any equity shares or other 
deposited securities required to be registered under the provisions of the Securities Act, unless a registration 
statement is in effect as to such equity shares.
This right of withdrawal may not be limited by any other provision of the deposit agreement.
Direct Registration System
In the deposit agreement, all parties to the deposit agreement acknowledge that the DRS and Profile Modification 
System, or Profile, will apply to uncertificated ADSs upon acceptance thereof to DRS by DTC.  DRS is the system 
administered by DTC pursuant to which the depositary may register the ownership of uncertificated ADSs, which 
ownership shall be evidenced by periodic statements issued by the depositary to the ADS holders entitled thereto. 
Profile is a required feature of DRS which allows a DTC participant, claiming to act on behalf of an ADS holder, 
to direct the depositary to register a transfer of those ADSs to DTC or its nominee and to deliver those ADSs to 
the DTC account of that DTC participant without receipt by the depositary of prior authorization from the ADS 
holder to register such transfer.
 1
Exhibit 4.10
INFOSYS LIMITED
EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
This Executive Employment Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into as of June 26, 2022 
by and between Infosys Limited (the “Company”), and Salil S. Parekh (“Executive” and together with 
the Company, the “Parties”).
WHEREAS, Company desires the Executive to perform the role of the Managing Director and 
Chief Executive Officer;
WHEREAS the Parties are desirous of entering into this Agreement to set forth the terms and 
conditions of Executive’s employment by the Company; 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual provisions contained 
herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the Parties agree as follows:
1. Duties and Scope of Employment.
(i) Positions and Duties.  Commencing July 1, 2022 or such other earlier date as agreed to by the 
parties (“Effective Date”), and conditioned upon the execution of this Agreement and such necessary 
approvals as may be required under applicable laws, the Company agrees to employ Executive and 
Executive agrees to be employed by the Company pursuant to the terms and conditions of this 
Agreement.  Executive will serve as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of the Company 
and/or in such additional positions as the Company may designate from time to time.  In his capacity as 
Chief Executive Officer, Executive (a) will report to the Company’s Board of Directors (“Board”), (b) 
will perform such duties and responsibilities normally attendant to such position and such other 
additional and/or different duties as the Company may from time to time assign which are consistent 
with Executive’s position and (c) will act in compliance with the Company’s Articles of Association, 
in force during the Term (as defined in Section 1(ii) below) of this Agreement, and any directives or 
policies established by the Board. Executive’s principal place of employment shall be at the Company’s 
corporate headquarters office in Bangalore, India.  Executive acknowledges and agrees that his position 
will require significant travel. 
(ii) Employment Term.  The Executive shall retire from the Company on March 31, 2027. The 
Executive Employment Agreement dated December 2, 2017 and as amended on July 26, 2019, between 
the Company and the Executive, shall terminate on the earlier of (a) January 2, 2023; or (b) on receipt 
of approval of the shareholders of the Company effective July 1, 2022. Pursuant to termination of the 
Executive Employment Agreement, the Executive’s employment with the Company shall be governed 
by this Agreement. The date of Executive’s termination of employment under this Agreement for any 
reason shall be referred to as the “Termination Date”).
(iii) Notice.  Pursuant to Section 6, Executive may be entitled to severance benefits upon his 
termination of employment with the Company.  Each Party agrees to provide the other with ninety (90) 
days’ notice prior to terminating this Agreement for reasons other than Cause or Good Reason (“Notice 
Period”).  The Company may, in its sole and exclusive discretion, satisfy its Notice Period obligation 
under this Section by either providing Executive with the equivalent of (a) ninety (90) days of his Fixed 
Pay, (b) an amount equal to ninety (90) days of “Bonus”, (as defined herein) and (c) other compensation 
and benefits that Executive would have earned during the Notice Period had Executive remained 
employed during such Notice Period, including continued vesting of Shares, during the Notice Period, 
previously granted to the Executive as Stock Compensation or (d) placing Executive on “Garden 2
Leave” for the duration of the Notice Period.  The Executive shall have no right to satisfy his Notice 
Period obligations by providing the Company with any consideration.  
(iv) Board Membership.  During the Employment Term, Executive will serve as a member of the 
Board, subject to any required Board, shareholder and regulatory approval. 
(v) Obligations.  Executive’s position will be Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of the 
Company or in such other additional position or positions as the Company may designate from time to 
time.  Executive will have such duties, authorities and responsibilities as are commensurate with his 
position.  All of Executive’s duties, responsibilities and powers will at all times be subject to the order, 
direction and supervision of the Chairperson of the Board or any other designee, who is a non-executive 
member of the Board, as the Board may determine.  During Executive’s employment with the Company, 
Executive:  (a) will devote Executive’s full vocational time and best efforts to the furtherance of the 
business of the Company on a full-time basis; (b) will exercise the highest degree of loyalty and the 
highest standards of conduct in the performance of his duties; (c) will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations; (d) will not, except as noted herein or as required for furtherance of Executive’s duties 
with the Company, engage in any other business activity, whether or not such business activity is 
pursued for gain, profit or other pecuniary advantage, without the express written consent of the Board, 
which consent shall be at the sole discretion of the Board; (e) will not engage, directly or indirectly, in 
any activity, employment or business venture, whether or not for remuneration, that is competitive with 
the Company’s business in any respect or make any preparations to engage in any competitive activities; 
and (f) will not, subject to Section 1(vi)(c),  take any action or make any omission that deprives the 
Company of any business opportunities or otherwise act in a manner that conflicts with the best interest 
of the Company or is detrimental to the business of the Company; provided, however, this Section shall 
not be construed as preventing Executive from investing his personal assets in such form or manner as 
will not require his services in the daily operations and affairs of the businesses in which such 
investments are made.  If Executive wishes to engage in an outside activity not expressly permitted 
under the terms of this Section, Executive shall first propose such activity to the Board for its 
determination as to whether such activities are permissible.  Even if the Board consents to Executive’s 
engagement in an outside activity, the Board shall have the right to revoke its consent at any time, and 
upon notice to Executive of such revocation of consent, Executive shall terminate such outside activity 
at the earliest practicable opportunity.
(vi) Representations by the Executive.  Executive’s employment with the Company is conditioned on 
the Executive’s representation that:
a. he is not disqualified or prevented from acting as a Director and/or Managing 
Director on the Board of the Company, under applicable law including the 
Indian Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
b. in his execution, delivery and performance of his duties  under this Agreement 
he will not, subject to the provision of Section 1(vi)(c), violate, conflict with, 
result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, result in the creation 
of any encumbrances or constitute a default (or an event that, with the giving 
of notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default) or an event 
creating rights of acceleration, modification, termination, cancellation or a loss 
of rights under any contract to which the Executive is a party including any 
non-compete or non-solicitation agreement or obligation, any approval, order, 
judgment, decree or award to which the Executive is a party or by which he is 
bound or any law applicable to the Executive; 3
c. the representation in Section 1(vi)(b) is subject to the Executive conducting his 
business activities so as to ensure compliance with his contractual obligations 
to his prior employers and he shall disclose to the Company any information 
reasonably necessary to facilitate such compliance; 
d. this Agreement has been duly and validly executed by the Executive and upon 
execution and delivery, this Agreement will constitute, legal, valid and binding 
obligations of the Executive, enforceable against him in accordance with its 
terms.
2. Compensation.
(i) Fixed Pay.  During the Employment Term, the Company will pay Executive an annual salary of 
Rupees Eight Crores (INR 80,000,000) as compensation for his services (the “Fixed Pay”).  The 
Fixed Pay will be paid monthly in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll practices and be 
subject to the usual, required withholdings.
(ii) Variable Pay.  The Executive will be eligible to receive an annual variable pay (“Variable Pay”) 
of an amount of Rupees Seventeen Crores (INR 170,000,000), which shall be payable to the Executive 
subject to the Company’s achievement of certain milestones as determined by the Board (or its 
committee) in consultation with the Executive, in the Company’s sole discretion, from time to time, 
less applicable withholdings (the “Target Variable Pay”).  The Variable Pay paid to Executive for a 
particular fiscal year shall not exceed 125% of the Target Variable Pay (“Maximum Variable Pay”).  
Variable Pay will be paid as soon as practicable after the Board (or its committee) determines that the 
Variable Pay has been earned, but in no event shall the Variable Pay be paid later than the 15th day of 
the 3rd month following the close of the Company’s fiscal year in which the Variable Pay was earned.  
In order for Executive to be eligible to receive Variable Pay for a particular fiscal year, Executive must 
be employed by the Company on the last day of such fiscal year.  
(iii) Stock Compensation.  The Executive shall be entitled to the following stock compensation: 
a. Annual Equity Grant.  Subject to the approval by the Board (or its committee), 
the Executive will be eligible to receive annual grant of Restricted Stock Units 
(“RSUs”) covering Company Shares, having a Value equal to Rupees Three 
Crores (INR 30,000,000) (the “Annual Equity Grant”). The first Annual 
Equity Grant shall be granted on February 1, 2023 and subsequent Annual 
Equity Grants on each anniversary of the first Annual Equity Grant (“Grant 
Date”).  Each Annual Equity Grant shall vest as follows: (x) 33.3% of the 
Shares subject to each Annual Equity Grant will vest on the first anniversary 
of the Grant Date; (y) 33.3% of the Shares subject to each Annual Equity Grant 
will vest on the second anniversary of the Grant Date; and (x) 33.3% of the 
Shares subject to each Annual Equity Grant will vest on the third anniversary 
of the Grant Date.  
b. Performance Equity Grant.  Subject to the approval by the Board (or its 
committee), the Executive will be eligible to receive annual performance-based 
stock incentive grant in the form of RSUs, covering Company Shares, for the 
fiscal years commencing 2023-24 onwards, having a Value equal to Rupees 
Thirty Four Crores and Seventy Five Lakhs (INR 347,500,000). For the 
fiscal year 2022-23, the Executive will be eligible to receive an annual 
performance-based stock incentive grant in the form of RSUs covering 
Company Shares, as soon as practicable, after the receipt of the shareholders’ 
approval and having a Value equal to Rupees Twenty One Crores and 4
Seventy Five Lakhs (INR 217,500,000). All annual performance-based stock 
incentive grants made in pursuance of this Section 2(iii)(b) are hereinafter 
referred to as the “Annual Performance Equity Grant”. The number of 
RSUs that will vest under each Annual Performance Equity Grant shall be 
calculated upon the Executive’s successful completion of each full fiscal year 
with the Company, the first of which shall conclude on March 31, 2023. In 
addition, the vesting of the Annual Performance Equity Grant is subject to the 
Company’s achievement of certain milestones as determined by the Board (or 
its committee) in its sole discretion, from time to time, in consultation with the 
Executive; and any RSUs that do not vest as a result of the failure of the 
Company to meet the milestones shall be forfeited. The Annual Performance 
Equity Grant shall be granted to Executive within sixty (60) days of the 
beginning of each fiscal year during the Executive’s Term, except for Annual 
Performance Equity Grant for the fiscal year 2022-23. The RSUs shall vest as 
soon as practicable, after the Board (or its committee) determines the number 
of RSUs that will vest under each Annual Performance Equity Grant but in no 
event later than the 15th day of the 3rd month following the close of the 
Company’s fiscal year in which such grant was made. 
c. Performance Equity Grant – ESG Metrics. Subject to the approval by the Board 
(or its committee), the Executive will be eligible to receive an annual 
performance-based stock incentive grant in the form of RSUs covering 
Company Shares,  having a Value equal to Rupees Two Crores (INR 
20,000,000) (the “Annual Performance Equity ESG Grant”).  The number 
of RSUs that will vest under each Annual Performance Equity ESG Grant shall 
be calculated upon the Executive’s successful completion of each full fiscal 
year with the Company, the first of which shall conclude on March 31, 2023. 
The vesting of the Annual Performance Equity ESG Grant is subject to the 
Company’s achievement of certain environment, social and governance 
milestones as determined by the Board (or its committee) in its sole discretion, 
from time to time, in consultation with the Executive; and any RSUs that do 
not vest as a result of the failure of the Company to meet the milestones shall 
be forfeited. The Annual Performance Equity ESG Grant for the fiscal year 
2022-23 shall be granted to Executive as soon as practicable, after the receipt 
of the shareholders approval and the subsequent Annual Performance Equity 
ESG Grant for the following fiscal years shall be granted to Executive within 
sixty (60) days of the beginning of each fiscal year during the Executive’s 
Term. The Board (or its committee) shall determine the number of RSUs that 
will vest under each Annual Performance Equity ESG Grant but in no event 
later than the 15th day of the 3rd month following the close of the Company’s 
fiscal year in which such grant was made. 
d. Performance Equity Grant - Long Term TSR Metrics.  Subject to the approval 
by the Board (or its committee), the Executive will be eligible to receive annual 
performance-based stock incentive grant, in the form of  RSUs covering 
Company Shares,  having a Value equal to Rupees Five Crores (INR 
50,000,000) (the “Annual Performance Equity TSR Grant”). The number 
of RSUs that will vest under each Annual Performance Equity TSR Grant shall 
be as follows:
a. For Annual Performance Equity TSR Grant made for the fiscal years 
2022-23, 2023-24 and 2024-25, the grants will vest after March 31, 
2025. The vesting of each of the Annual Performance Equity TSR 5
Grant will be based on the cumulative TSR for the afore-mentioned 3 
full fiscal years. The number of RSUs that shall vest under each 
Annual Performance Equity TSR Grant shall be determined by the 
Board (or its committee) which shall in no event be later than the 15th 
day of the 3rd month following March 31, 2025. 
b.  For Annual Performance Equity TSR Grant made for the fiscal years 
2025-26 and 2026-27, the grants will vest after March 31, 2027. The 
vesting of each of the Annual Performance Equity TSR Grant will be 
based on the cumulative TSR for the afore-mentioned 2 full fiscal 
years. The number of RSUs that shall vest under each Annual 
Performance Equity TSR Grant shall be determined by the Board (or 
its committee) which shall in no event be later than the 15th day of 
the 3rd month following March 31, 2027.
Any RSUs that do not vest as a result of the failure of the Company to meet 
the milestones shall be forfeited.  The Annual Performance Equity TSR Grant 
for the fiscal year 2022-23 shall be granted to Executive as soon as practicable, 
after the receipt of the shareholders approval and the subsequent Annual 
Performance Equity TSR Grant for the following fiscal years shall be granted 
to Executive within sixty (60) days of the beginning of each fiscal year during 
the Executive’s Term. 
The Annual Performance Equity TSR Grant shall vest based on the parameters 
prescribed below. Each of the parameter shall have a weightage of 50%:
i. Relative Total Shareholder Return (‘Relative TSR’) against a peer 
comparator group of not less than 8 comparators, which will be 
identified by the committee from a basket of the following ten 
industry peers which include Indian and Global Companies such as 
Accenture, DXC Technologies, Wipro, TCS, Cognizant, IBM, 
Capgemini, Tech Mahindra, Atos and HCL.
In case of delisting of any of the mentioned above peer group 
companies during the performance measurement period, the Board (or 
its committee) is entitled to include an additional peer set company to 
the comparator group.
ii. Relative TSR against broader market domestic and global indices 
comprising of Nifty 50, S&P 500 and MSCI index to be determined 
by the Board (or its committee).
Shares will vest based on the Company’s performance on Relative TSR in (i) 
and (ii) above as follows: 
a. If it ranks in the 75th percentile and above, then a maximum of 100% 
of the RSUs due for vesting will vest; 
b. If it ranks in the 50th to 75th percentile, then the RSUs due for vesting 
will vest proportionately on a linear scale between 60% to 100%, and 
the balance will lapse; 
c. If it ranks below the 50th percentile, then no RSUs due for vesting 
will vest.6
For purposes of this Section, “Value” of a Share subject to an award of RSUs will be the closing trading 
price of the applicable Share on the national stock exchange (“NSE”) on the Grant Date.  The vesting 
and other terms of each Grant specified in sub-sections (iii)(a)(b)(c) and (d) hereinabove shall be subject 
to the Company’s “Infosys Limited 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan,” any agreements evidencing 
the award, and as determined by the Board (or its committee), in its sole discretion, from time to time.  
In case of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the agreement evidencing the 
award, the terms of the agreement evidencing the award shall prevail. However, nothing herein shall 
supersede the “Infosys Limited 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan.”
In this Section, for the Grants specified in sub-sections (iii)(b) and (c), each Annual Performance Equity 
Grant and each Annual Performance Equity ESG Grant shall vest 12 months from the date of Grant.
e. 2019 Annual Performance Equity Grant  Subject to the approval by the Board 
(or its committee), the Executive will be eligible to receive annual 
performance-based stock incentive grant, in the form of  RSUs covering 
Company Shares, for the fiscal years commencing 2023-24 onwards, having a 
market value of Rupees Ten Crores (INR 100,000,000), which shall vest 12 
months from the date of each Grant (the “2019 Annual Performance Equity 
Grant”). The Vesting of the 2019 Annual Performance Equity Grant is subject 
to the Company’s achievement of certain performance milestones as set out in 
the Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program – 2019 and as determined by 
the Board (or its committee), in its sole discretion, from time to time, in 
consultation with the Executive. Any RSU’s that do not vest as a result of the 
failure of the Company to meet the milestones shall be forfeited.
The 2019 Annual Performance Equity Grant shall be granted to Executive 
within sixty (60) days of the beginning of each fiscal year during the 
Executive’s Term. The 2019 Annual Performance Equity Grant shall continue 
till the expiry of the pool of stock incentives available under the Infosys 
Expanded Stock Ownership Program – 2019, or until cessation of the 
Executive’s employment with the Company, whichever is earlier. 
For the purposes of this Section, “Value” of a Share subject to an award of RSUs will be the closing 
trading price of the applicable Share on the national stock exchange (“NSE”) on the Grant Date. The 
vesting and other terms of each Grant specified in sub-section (iii)(e) hereinabove shall be subject to 
the Company’s ‘Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019’, any agreements evidencing the 
award, and as determined by the Board (or its committee), in its sole discretion, from time to time. In 
case of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the agreement evidencing the award, 
the agreement evidencing the award shall prevail. However, nothing herein shall supersede the ‘Infosys 
Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019’.
For the purpose of abundant clarity, the indicative grant dates for the Annual Equity Grant and each 
performance-based stock incentives specified in this Section 2(iii) are provided in the Annexure.
(iv) Other.  Executive shall be eligible for such other payments and benefits (if any) as provided to 
whole time directors, as determined by the Board (or its committee), in its sole discretion, from time to 
time.
(v) Review and Adjustment of Compensation.  Executive’s compensation, including Fixed Pay, 
Variable Pay, and Stock Compensation, will be subject to review and adjustments by the Company in 
its sole and exclusive discretion, and subject to any limits and necessary approvals under applicable 
law.  7
(vi) Clawback.  Executive agrees that the compensation and benefits provided under this Agreement 
will be subject to forfeiture, cancellation, recoupment or clawback as required by applicable laws, 
government regulations and stock exchange requirements. Executive further agrees that any incentive 
compensation paid or payable under this Agreement (including any Variable Pay and Stock 
Compensation) will be subject to forfeiture, cancellation, recoupment or clawback in accordance with 
the terms of the U.S Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd Frank 
Act”) and rules and regulations thereunder in the event the Company is required to restate its financial 
statements, regardless of whether the Company is then subject to the Dodd-Frank Act.
3. Employee Benefits.  During the Employment Term, Executive will be eligible to participate 
in any employee benefit plans to which employees of the Company are generally entitled to participate, 
commensurate with Executive’s position with the Company and subject to the eligibility requirements 
and other terms and conditions of such plans.  The Company may change, amend or discontinue any of 
its employee benefit plans at any time during Executive’s employment with the Company, and nothing 
contained herein will obligate the Company to institute, maintain or refrain from changing, amending 
or discontinuing any employee benefit plan or program.
4. Vacation.  Executive will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company’s 
vacation policy as applicable to its whole-time directors, with the timing and duration of specific days 
off mutually and reasonably agreed to by the Parties hereto.
5. Expenses.  The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable travel, entertainment or 
other expenses incurred by Executive in the furtherance of or in connection with the performance of 
Executive’s duties hereunder, in accordance with the Company’s expense reimbursement policy for 
whole-time directors as in effect from time to time.
6. Severance.
(i) Termination other than for Cause or Executive’s Resignation for Good Reason.  If during the 
Employment Term, (i) the Company (or any parent or subsidiary or successor of the Company) 
terminates Executive’s employment with the Company other than for Cause (excluding as a result of 
the Executive’s death or disability) or (ii) if Executive resigns for Good Reason, then, subject to Section 
7 and applicable law, Executive will be entitled to receive, on the sixtieth (60th) day following the 
Termination Date (the “Payment Date”), a lump sum cash amount (less all applicable withholdings) 
equal to 50% of the Fixed Pay and 50% of the Bonus that Executive received in the twelve (12) months 
prior to the Termination Date (the “Severance Compensation”).  In addition, the Company shall 
accelerate the vesting of each of Executive’s then-outstanding, Annual Equity Grants (including RSUs 
and options) that would have vested over the six (6) months following the Termination Date but for the 
Executive’s Termination; provided, however, that there shall be no accelerated vesting of any 
Performance Equity Grants, i.e., Annual Performance Equity Grant, Annual Performance Equity ESG 
Grant, Annual Performance Equity TSR Grant, and 2019 Annual Performance Equity Grant.  Any 
accelerated RSU grants will be settled on the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive’s termination of 
employment in terms of the ‘Infosys Limited 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan’ or the ‘Infosys 
Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019’, as applicable and the respective agreements evidencing the 
grant.  
(ii) Termination for Cause or Resignation without Good Reason.  If Executive’s employment with the 
Company (or any parent or subsidiary or successor of the Company) terminates voluntarily by 
Executive without Good Reason, or for Cause by the Company, then all payments of compensation by 
the Company to Executive hereunder will terminate immediately, except the Company will pay 
Executive: (i) any Fixed Pay earned but unpaid as of the employment Termination Date; (ii) vested 
benefits, if any, to which Executive is entitled under any employee benefit plans as of the employment 
Termination Date; and (iii) reimbursement of business expenses for which Executive is entitled to 8
reimbursement under Section 5 but for which Executive has not been reimbursed as of the employment 
Termination Date (collectively the “Accrued Obligations”). Other than the foregoing the Company 
shall have no further obligations to Executive under this Agreement.
(iii) Exclusive Remedy.  In the event of a termination of Executive’s employment with the Company 
(or any parent or subsidiary or successor of the Company), the provisions of this Section 6 are intended 
to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which Executive or the Company 
may otherwise be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, in equity, or under this Agreement.  
Executive will be entitled to no severance or other benefits upon termination of employment with 
respect to acceleration of award vesting or severance pay other than those benefits as expressly set forth 
in this Section 6.
7. Conditions to Receipt of Severance; No Duty to Mitigate.
(i) Separation Agreement and Release of Claims.  Executive acknowledges and agrees that the 
Company’s payment of the severance compensation pursuant to Section 6 will be deemed to constitute 
a full settlement and discharge of any and all obligations of the Company to Executive arising out of 
this Agreement, Executive’s employment with the Company and/or the termination of Executive’s 
employment with the Company.  Executive further acknowledges and agrees that as a condition to 
receiving any of the severance compensation pursuant to Section 6, Executive will execute, deliver to 
the Company, and not revoke a release agreement in a form prepared by, and satisfactory to, the 
Company (the “Executive Release Agreement”) pursuant to which Executive will release and waive, 
to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claims against the Company, its Affiliates, and all of its and 
their present and/or former owners, officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys, insurers, 
representatives, employee benefit plans and their fiduciaries, both individually and in their 
representative capacities, including, without limitation, all claims arising out of this Agreement, 
Executive’s employment with the Company, and/or the termination of Executive’s employment with 
the Company; provided, however, that the Executive Release Agreement will not affect or release (a) 
any claim for the Accrued Obligations, (b) any rights to the Severance Compensation under Section 
6(i), (c) any vested rights or benefits Executive may have under any employee retirement or welfare 
benefit plan of the Company (except any severance plan), or (d) any vested rights or benefits Executive 
may have under the Company’s Equity Plan or any related option agreement or restricted stock unit 
agreement.  The Severance Compensation described in Section 6(i) is in lieu of any severance benefits 
under any severance policy or plan the Company may have now or in the future, and Executive 
acknowledges that Executive is not entitled to any other severance benefits. As a condition of the 
Executive executing an Executive Release Agreement, and subject to the Executive’s ongoing 
obligations under the provisions of Sections 9 and 10, the Company will execute and deliver to the 
Executive, a release agreement in a form prepared by, and satisfactory to, the Company (the “Company 
Release Agreement”) pursuant to which Company will release and waive, to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, all claims against the Executive all claims arising out of this Agreement, Executive’s 
employment with the Company, and/or the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company.
(ii) Confidential Information, Non-solicitation, and Non-Competition.  The receipt of any severance 
benefits pursuant to Section 6(i) will be subject to Executive not violating the provisions of Sections 9 
and 10.  In the event Executive breaches the provisions of Sections 9 and 10, all continuing payments 
and benefits to which Executive may otherwise be entitled pursuant to Section 6(i) will immediately 
cease and Executive shall return to the Company any benefits paid by the Company to Executive 
pursuant to Section 6(i).
(iii) No Duty to Mitigate.  Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment 
contemplated by this Agreement, nor will any earnings that Executive may receive from any other 
source reduce any such payment.9
8. Definitions.
(i) Affiliate.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Affiliate” means any entity that directly, or indirectly 
through one or more intermediaries, is owned or controlled by, owns or controls, or is under common 
ownership or control with, the Company; for this purpose, “control” of an entity means the possession, 
direct or indirect, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the 
entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. 
(ii) Cause.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events:  (a) Executive’s conviction for, or pleading no contest to, a felony, any crime 
involving moral turpitude, or any crime that is injurious to the financial condition, reputation or 
goodwill of the Company; (b) Executive’s misappropriation of any of the Company’s property; (c) 
Executive’s engaging in any fraudulent or dishonest conduct in Executive’s dealings with, or on behalf 
of, the Company; (d) Executive’s engaging in any illegal conduct in the performance of Executive’s 
employment duties for the Company (except minor motor vehicle infractions); (e) Executive’s failure 
or refusal to follow the reasonable and lawful instructions of the Board (other than any such failure or 
refusal resulting from Executive’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness), if such failure or refusal 
continues for a period of ten (10) days after the Board provides Executive with written notice stating 
the instructions which Executive has failed or refused to follow; (f) Executive’s breach of any of 
Executive’s obligations under this Agreement or any other agreement with the Company; if such breach 
continues for a period of ten (10) days after the Company provides Executive with written notice of 
such breach; (g) Executive’s intentional engagement in any conduct that constitutes a violation of any 
central/federal, state or local law or regulation applicable to the business of the Company; (h) 
Executive’s violation of any of the Company’s written policies or procedures, including, without 
limitation, any Executive policies, business ethics policies or code of conduct policies, and such 
violation, if curable, remains uncured for a period of ten (10) days after the Company provides 
Executive with written notice of such violation; (i) Executive’s engaging in any willful misconduct 
which is injurious to the financial condition, reputation or goodwill of the Company; (j) Executive’s 
gross or habitual neglect of Executive's employment duties or responsibilities if such neglect has an 
adverse effect on the Company and continues for a period of ten (10) days after the Company provides 
Executive with written notice of such gross or habitual neglect; (k) Executive’s failure to work on a 
full-time basis in fulfilling Executive’s employment duties hereunder, except for periods in which 
Executive is absent for scheduled vacations or for sickness, injury or other authorized leaves of absence, 
if such failure continues at any time after the Company provides Executive with written notice of such 
failure; (l) Executive’s misuse of alcohol or drugs which interferes with Executive’s performance of 
Executive’s duties for the Company or which is injurious to the reputation or goodwill of the Company; 
(m) the Executive’s disqualification to be a member of the Board under the Indian Companies Act, 
2013; (n) Executive’s breach of his representations in Sections 1(vi)(b) or 1(vi)(c ) of this Agreement;  
provided, however, “Cause” shall not include or be predicated on upon any act or omission by Executive 
that is taken or made (x) at the direction of the Board or (y) to comply with the a lawful court order, 
directive from a federal, state or local governmental agency or industry regulatory authority, or 
subpoena.  
(iii) Company’s Customer or Company Customer.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Company’s 
Customer” or “Company Customer” means (i) any Person to whom the Company is selling or 
providing any service or product as of the Termination Date; (ii) any Person to whom the Company 
provided or sold any service or product at any time during the one (1) year preceding the Termination 
Date; and/or (iii) any Person with whom the Company has contracted or otherwise entered into an 
arrangement to provide any service or product as of the time of the Termination Date.  
(iv) Competing Service/Product.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Competing Service/Product” 
means (i) any service or product that is similar to and competitive with any of the services and/or related 
services offered or provided by the Company as of the Termination Date and/or (ii) any service or 10
product that is similar to and competitive with any of the types of services or products that are offered 
or provided by the Company during, and as of the time of the termination of, Executive’s employment 
with the Company. 
(v) Competing Business.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Competitive Business” shall include, 
but not be limited, to mean the following entities, their Affiliates and their subsidiaries: 
a. Tata Consultancy Services Limited.
b. Accenture Limited.
c. International Business Machines Corporation.
d. Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation.
e. Wipro Limited.
f. Tech Mahindra Limited.
g. Capgemini
h. HCL Technologies 
(vi) Garden Leave.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Garden Leave” means the Company’s right to 
place the Executive on Garden Leave during the Notice Period.  The Company reserves its right during 
Garden Leave to: (a) cease to vest in, or assign to Executive, any powers or duties or to provide any 
work to the Executive; (b) change the Executive’s designation or duties as the Company decides 
appropriate; (c) prevent Executive from contacting or communicating with any current, former or 
proposed clients, customers, employees, or vendors of the Company; (d) exclude Executive from the 
premises of the Company; and/or (e) announce to employees, clients, customers, vendors and other 
relevant persons of the Company that Executive has been given notice of termination or that the 
Executive has resigned.  During the Garden Leave, Executive shall continue to be employed by the 
Company and shall be paid salary and other applicable benefits including the continued vesting of 
previously issued grants pursuant to the Executive’s Stock Compensation. Executive shall be required 
to the duties of confidentiality and good faith shall continue to apply, together with all of the obligations 
contained in this Agreement.   
(vii) Good Reason.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Good Reason” is defined as Executive’s 
resignation within thirty (30) days following the expiration of any Company cure period (discussed 
below) following the occurrence of, without Executive’s express written consent, (a) a material 
reduction of Executive’s duties, position or responsibilities, or the removal of Executive from such 
position and responsibilities, either of which results in a material diminution of Executive’s authority, 
duties or responsibilities;  or (b) appointment of an Executive Chairman or (c ) change in reporting of 
the Executive from the Chairman (or any other non-executive member of the Board).  Executive’s 
resignation will not be deemed to be for Good Reason unless Executive has first provided the Company 
with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for “Good Reason” within thirty 
(30) days of the initial existence of the grounds for “Good Reason” and a reasonable cure period of not 
less than thirty (30) days following the date the Company receives such notice, and such condition has 
not been cured during such period.  Executive acknowledges that any change in Executive’s 
compensation under this Agreement shall not constitute Good Reason.
(viii) Bonus.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Bonus” shall mean the average monthly Variable 
Pay paid to Executive over the last immediately twelve (12) months prior to the Termination Date. 
(ix) Person.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Person” means any individual or entity (including 
without limitation a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, or 
governmental entity or agency). 
(x) Prohibited Capacity.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Prohibited Capacity” means (i) the same 
or similar capacity or function to that in which Executive worked for the Company at any time during 11
his employment; (ii) any executive or officer capacity or function; (iii) any business development 
capacity or function; (iv) any ownership capacity (except Executive may own as a passive investment 
up to two percent of any class of securities regularly traded on a national stock exchange or other public 
market); (v) any business consulting or advising capacity of function; (vi) any director or similar 
capacity or function; (vii) any capacity or function in which Executive likely would inevitably use or 
disclose any of the Company’s trade secrets and/or Confidential Information; (viii) any capacity or 
function in which the customer goodwill the Executive helped to develop on behalf of the Company, 
would facilitate or support Executive’s work for a Competitive Business; and/or (ix) any other capacity 
or function in which Executive’s knowledge of the Confidential Information would facilitate or assist 
Executive’s work for the Competitive Business.  
(xi) Restricted Geographic Area.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Restricted Geographic Area” 
means the United States of America, India, and each country the Company is doing business in as of 
the Termination Date.  
(xiii) Restricted Time Period.  For purposes of this Agreement, “Restricted Time Period” means 
during Executive’s employment with the Company and for six (6) months after the Termination Date.  
9. Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information.  
(i) Confidential Information.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Confidential Information” 
means any and all of the Company’s (and its Affiliates’) trade secrets, confidential and proprietary 
information and all other non-public information and data of or about the Company (and its Affiliates) 
and its business, including, without limitation, lists of customers, information pertaining to customers, 
marketing plans and strategies, information pertaining to suppliers, pricing information, engineering 
and technical information, software codes, cost information, data compilations, research and 
development information, business plans, financial information, personnel information, information 
received from third parties that the Company has agreed to keep confidential, and information about 
prospective customers or prospective products and services, whether or not reduced to writing or other 
tangible medium of expression, including, without limitation, work product created by Executive in 
rendering services for the Company; provided, however, that “Confidential Information” shall not 
include information that (a) is or becomes generally available to the public by use, publication or the 
like, through no fault of Executive; (b) is obtained without restriction by Executive after termination of 
Executive’s employment with the Company from a third party who had the legal right to disclose such 
information to Executive; (c) Executive possessed prior to Executive’s employment with the Company; 
or (d) is independently developed by Executive without the use of any of the Company’s Confidential 
Information after the termination of his employment with the Company.  
(ii) Non-Disclosure Obligations.  During Executive’s employment with the Company and thereafter, 
Executive will not use or disclose to others any of the Confidential Information, except (a) in the course 
of Executive’s work for and on behalf of the Company, (b) with the prior written consent of the 
Company, (c) as required by law or judicial process, provided Executive promptly notifies the Company 
in writing of any subpoena or other judicial request for disclosure involving confidential information or 
trade secrets, and cooperates with any effort by the Company to obtain a protective order preserving the 
confidentiality of the Confidential Information or trade secrets or (d) in connection with reporting 
violations of law or regulations to any governmental agency or from making other disclosures protected 
under any applicable whistleblower laws.  Executive agrees that the Company owns the Confidential 
Information and Executive has no rights, title or interest in any of the Confidential Information. 
Additionally, Executive will abide by the Company’s policies protecting the Confidential Information, 
as such policies may exist from time to time.  At the Company’s request or upon termination of 
Executive’s employment with the Company for any reason, Executive will immediately deliver to the 
Company any and all materials (including all copies and electronically stored data) containing any 
Confidential Information in Executive’s possession, custody or control.  Upon termination of 12
Executive’s employment with the Company for any reason, Executive will, if requested by the 
Company, provide the Company with a signed written statement disclosing whether Executive has 
returned to the Company all materials (including all copies and electronically stored data) containing 
any Confidential Information previously in Executive’s possession, custody or control.  
(iii) Survival of Non-Disclosure Obligations.  Executive’s confidentiality/non-disclosure obligations 
under this Agreement continue after the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company.  
With respect to any particular trade secret information, Executive’s confidentiality/non-disclosure 
obligations will continue as long as such information constitutes a trade secret under applicable law.  
With respect to any particular Confidential Information that does not constitute a trade secret, 
Executive’s confidentiality/non-disclosure obligations will continue as long as such information 
remains confidential, and will not apply to information that becomes generally known to the public 
through no fault or action of Executive or others who were under confidentiality obligations with respect 
to such information.  
10. Non-Solicitation and Non-Competition.  
(i) Non-Competition.  During the Restricted Time Period, Executive will not within the Restricted 
Geographic Area engage in (including, without limitation, being employed by, working for, or rendering 
services to) any Competitive Business in any Prohibited Capacity.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
the Competitive Business has multiple divisions, business units, lines or segments, some of which are 
not competitive with the business of the Company, nothing herein will prohibit Executive from being 
employed by, working for or assisting any division, business unit, line or segment of such Competitive 
Business that is not competitive with the business of the Company.  
(ii) Customer Restrictions.  
a. During the Restricted Time Period, Executive will not sell, market or provide, 
attempt to sell, market or provide, or assist any Person in the sales, marketing 
or provision of, any Competing Service/Product to any of the Company’s 
Customers with respect to whom, at any time during Executive’s employment 
with the Company, Executive had any business contact on behalf of the 
Company, Executive had any relationship, business development, sales, 
service or account responsibility (including, without limitation, any 
supervisory or managerial responsibility) on behalf of the Company, or 
Executive had access to, or gained knowledge of, any Confidential Information 
concerning the Company’s business with such customer, or otherwise solicit 
or communicate with any such customers for the purpose of selling, marketing 
or providing, attempting to sell, market or provide, or assisting in any Person 
in the sales, marketing or provision of, any Competing Service/Product.  
b. During the Restricted Time Period, Executive will not sell, market or provide, 
attempt to sell, market or provide, or assist any Person in the sale, marketing 
or provision of, any Competing Service/Product to any of the Company’s 
Customers located in the Restricted Geographic Area or otherwise solicit or 
communicate with any of the Company’s Customers located within the 
Restricted Geographic Area for the purpose of selling, marketing or providing, 
attempting to sell, market or provide, or assisting in any Person in the sales, 
marketing or provision of, any Competing Service/Product.  
(iii) Non-Interference with Contractors, Vendors, or Other Relationships.  During the Restricted Time 
Period, Executive will not urge, induce or seek to induce any of the Company’s independent contractors, 
subcontractors, business partners, distributors, brokers, consultants, sales representatives, customers, 13
Referral Sources, vendors, suppliers or any other Person with whom the Company has a business 
relationship to terminate their relationship with, or representation of, the Company or to cancel, 
withdraw, reduce, limit or in any manner modify any such Person’s business with, or representation of, 
the Company.  
(iv) Employee Restrictions.  During the Restricted Time Period, Executive will not:  (a) solicit or 
recruit for employment, hire, employ, engage the services of, or attempt to hire, employ, or engage the 
services of, any individual who is an employee of the Company; (b) assist any Person in the recruitment, 
hiring or engagement of any individual who is an employee of the Company; (c) urge, induce or seek 
to induce any individual to terminate his/her employment with the Company; or (d) advise, suggest to 
or recommend to any Competitive Business that it employ, engage the services of, or seek to employ or 
engage or engage the services of any individual who is an employee of the Company. 
11. Assignment.  This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) any 
Successor of the Company and (b) to the heirs, executors and legal representatives of Executive upon 
Executive’s death as it relates to the Accrued Obligations.  Any such successor of the Company will be 
deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes.  For this 
purpose, “Successor” means any person, firm, corporation or other business entity which at any time, 
whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the 
assets or business of the Company.  None of the rights of Executive to receive any form of compensation 
payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent 
and distribution.  Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of 
Executive’s right to compensation or other benefits will be null and void.
12. Notices.  All notices, requests, demands and other communications called for 
hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed given (i) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, 
(ii) one day after being sent by a well-established commercial overnight service, or (iii) four days after 
being mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, prepaid and addressed to the 
parties or their successors at the following addresses, or at such other addresses as the parties may later 
designate in writing:
If to the Company:
Infosys Limited
Attn: Chairman, Board of Directors
Electronics City Hosur Rd
Bangalore Karnataka India
Bangalore 560 100
If to the Executive:
At the address below or an updated address provided by Executive to the Company:
Attn:  Salil S Parekh
Flat 602, Belmont Building
37 D Napean Sea Road
Mumbai 400 03614
13. Severability.  In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court 
of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement will continue in full force 
and effect without said provision.
14. Arbitration.  The parties hereto agree that any and all disputes, complaints, 
controversies, claims and grievances, in law or in equity, arising under, out of, in connection with, or 
in any manner related to this Agreement, Executive’s employment with the Company or the termination 
of Executive’s employment with the Company, including without limitation, claims alleging breach of 
contract, common law claims, tort claims or claims under any statutes or other laws (collectively, the 
“Disputes” and singularly a “Dispute”), shall be resolved to the fullest extent permitted by law, by 
confidential final, binding arbitration pursuant to the Mumbai Centre for International Arbitration Rules 
of arbitration before a panel of  three (3) arbitrators. Each party shall nominate one (1) arbitrator each 
and the third arbitrator shall be appointed by the two (2) arbitrators nominated by the Parties.  The third 
arbitrator shall be someone who was a former Justice of the Supreme Court of India or a former Judge 
of a High Court within India.  Arbitration proceedings shall be held in Bangalore, India.  The arbitrators 
shall (a) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award 
relief as would otherwise be permitted by applicable law; and (b) issue a written arbitration decision 
including the arbitrator’s essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award.  Both 
Executive and the Company shall be entitled to all rights and remedies that either Executive or the 
Company would be entitled to pursue in a court of law.  The award rendered by the arbitrators shall be 
final and judgment may be entered upon it in accordance with applicable law in any court having 
jurisdiction thereof. The fees of arbitration and the cost of the arbitration proceedings including but not 
limited to the arbitrator’s costs, legal fees and costs, shall be borne by the unsuccessful party. 
EXECUTIVE AND THE COMPANY AGREE THAT THE FOREGOING DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
PROCEDURE SHALL BE THE EXCLUSIVE MEANS OF RESOLVING ANY DISPUTE AND 
THAT NO OTHER ACTION WILL BE BROUGHT BY EXECUTIVE OR THE COMPANY IN ANY 
COURT OR OTHER FORUM RELATING TO A DISPUTE. THIS AGREEMENT IS A WAIVER 
OF ALL RIGHTS TO A CIVIL COURT ACTION.
15. Works.  All work performed by Executive and all inventions, discoveries, 
developments, work product, processes, improvements, creations, deliverables and all written, graphic 
or recorded material and works of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression made, created 
or prepared by Executive, alone or jointly with others, during Executive’s employment with the 
Company and relating to the Company’s (and/or any Affiliate’s) business (collectively, the “Works”) 
shall be the Company’s exclusive property, shall be deemed a work made for hire, and all rights, title 
and interest in the Works shall vest in the Company.  To the extent that the title or rights to any such 
Works may not, by operation of law, vest in the Company, all rights, title and interest to such Works 
are hereby irrevocably assigned to the Company.  All Works shall belong exclusively to the Company, 
and the Company shall have the right to obtain and hold in its own name, any patents, copyrights, 
registrations or such other intellectual property protections as may be appropriate to the subject matter. 
Executive will sign documents of assignment, declarations and other documents and take all other 
actions reasonably required by the Company, at the Company’s expense, to perfect and enforce any of 
its proprietary rights and to vest all right, title and interest to the Works in the Company.  This section 
does not apply to an invention for which no equipment, supplies, facility, or Confidential Information 
(as defined in the Confidential Information and Inventions Agreement) of the Company was used and 
which was developed entirely on Executive’s own time, unless (a) the invention relates (1) directly to 
the business of the Company, or (2) to the Company’s actual or demonstrably anticipated research or 
development, or (b) the invention results from any work performed by Executive for the Company.  To 
the extent that the title or rights to any such Works may not, by operation of law, vest in the Company, 
all rights, title and interest to such Works are hereby irrevocably, absolutely and perpetually assigned 
to the Company.  Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 19(4) of the Copyright Act, 1957, any 
assignment in so far as it relates to copyrightable material shall not lapse nor the rights transferred 15
therein revert to the Executive, even if the Company does not exercise the rights under the assignment 
within a period of one year from the date of assignment.  The Executive hereby agrees to waive any 
right to and refrain from raising any objection or claims to the Copyright Board with respect to any 
assignment, pursuant to Section 19A of the Copyright Act, 1957.  The Executive also waives all moral 
rights in relation to the Work developed or conceived by the Executive. 
16. Integration.  This Agreement, together with the Confidential Information and 
Inventions Agreement (Exhibit A), Company’s “Infosys Limited 2015 Incentive Compensation Plan”, 
Company’s “Infosys Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019” (or any successor thereto or 
replacement thereof), and any agreement evidencing an equity award granted to Executive, represents 
the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter herein and 
supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written or oral.  This Agreement may be 
modified only by agreement of the Parties by a written instrument executed by the parties that is 
designated as an amendment to this Agreement.
17. Waiver of Breach.  The waiver of a breach of any term or provision of this Agreement, 
which must be in writing, will not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other previous or 
subsequent breach of this Agreement.
18. Headings.  All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient 
reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement.
19. Tax Withholding.  All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to 
withholding of applicable taxes.
20. Governing Law and Jurisdiction.  This Agreement will be governed by the laws of 
India (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions, if such exists).  The Executive consents to 
the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts in the State of Karnataka, India.  
21. Acknowledgment.  Executive acknowledges that he has had the opportunity to discuss 
this matter with and obtain advice from his private attorney, has had sufficient time to, and has carefully 
read and fully understands all the provisions of this Agreement, and is knowingly and voluntarily 
entering into this Agreement.
22. Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart 
will have the same force and effect as an original and will constitute an effective, binding agreement on 
the part of each of the undersigned.
23. Conflict. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the terms of 
the approval of the shareholders of the Company, the terms of the shareholders’ approval shall prevail.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the 
Company by their duly authorized officer, as of the day and year first above written.
COMPANY:
INFOSYS LIMITED16
____________________________________________
By: KRISHNAMURTHY SHANKAR
Title: EVP – GROUP HEAD – HUMAN RESOURCES AND INFOSYS LEADERSHIP INSTITUTE
EXECUTIVE:
____________________________________________
SALIL S. PAREKH17
ANNEXURE
  Compensation under 
Employment 
Agreement dated 
December 2, 2017Compensation under 
this Employment 
Agreement
Compensation Components INR Crores INR Crores
Fixed Pay 6.50 8.00
Annual Equity Grant (Time Based) 3.25 3.00
Variable Pay 9.75 17.00
Annual Performance Equity Grant (2015 Plan) 13.00 34.75
2019 Annual Performance Equity Grant (2019 Plan) 10.00 10.00
Annual Performance Equity ESG Grant (2015 Plan)  2.00
Annual Performance Equity TSR Grant (2015 Plan)  5.00
Total Compensation 42.50 79.75
  Grant Value 
(in INR Crores)Indicative Grant 
Date 
(in INR Crores)
FY'23 3.00 February, 2023
FY'24 3.00 February, 2024
FY'25 3.00 February, 2025Annual Equity Grant (Time Based)
FY'26 3.00 February, 2026
  Grant Value
 (in INR Crores)Indicative Grant 
Date
 (in INR Crores)
FY'23 21.75 August, 2022
FY'24 34.75 May, 2023
FY'25 34.75 May, 2024
FY'26 34.75 May, 2025Annual Performance Equity Grant 
(2015 Plan)
FY'27 34.75 May, 2026
  Grant Value 
(in INR Crores)Indicative Grant 
Date 
(in INR Crores)
FY'24 10.00 May, 2023
FY'25 10.00 May, 2024
FY'26 10.00 May, 20252019 Annual Performance Equity 
Grant (2019 Plan)
FY'27 10.00 May, 202618
  Grant Value 
(in INR Crores)Indicative Grant 
Date 
(in INR Crores)
FY'23 2.00 August, 2022
FY'24 2.00 May, 2023
FY'25 2.00 May, 2024
FY'26 2.00 May, 2025Annual Performance Equity ESG 
Grant 
(2015 Plan)
FY'27 2.00 May, 2026
  Grant Value 
(in INR 
Crores)Indicative 
Grant Date
(in INR 
Crores)Vesting Remarks
FY'23 5.00 August, 2022
FY'24 5.00 May, 2023
FY'25 5.00 May, 2024For Annual Performance 
Equity TSR Grant made 
for the fiscal years 2022-
23, 2023-24 and 2024-25, 
the grants will vest after 
March 31, 2025.
FY'26 5.00 May, 2025Annual Performance 
Equity TSR Grant (2015 
Plan)
FY'27 5.00 May, 2026For Annual Performance 
Equity TSR Grant made 
for the fiscal years 2025-
26 and 2026-27, the grants 
will vest after March 31, 
2027.Overview of Executive Leadership Compensation       1    
Exhibit 4.11
OVERVIEW OF EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP COMPENSATION
1. Executive Leadership Compensation at Infosys
 
Our Executive Leadership Compensation follows the concept of Total Rewards which comprise three 
primary components of Base/Fixed Pay, Performance Bonus and Stock Incentives, where a significant 
portion of rewards are in the form of stock incentives, in order to align with interest of the shareholders.
 
Executive Leadership (also called “Executives”) are the Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Chief Financial 
Officer(CFO), Group General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer and Group Head - HR and are named 
below.
 
 
Executive Position
Mr. Salil Parekh Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director
Mr. Nilanjan Roy Chief Financial Officer
Ms. Inderpreet Sawhney Group General Counsel & Chief Compliance Officer
Mr. Shaji Mathew Group Head – Human Resources 
 
2. Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board
 
The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board (henceforth referred to as NRC) acts on 
behalf of the Board on matters relating to the compensation of Directors and other Executives. It makes 
recommendations for changes to the compensation structure, and within the limits approved by the 
shareholders, as may be applicable.
 
The shareholders approve the overall compensation structure for all whole-time directors.
 
3. Key Aspects of Executive Compensation Policy
 
a) Key Objectives:
 
The Company’s executive pay programs support our Executive Compensation philosophy which aims to:
 
•Attract and retain the best executive talent in order to achieve superior results;
•Create a performance-oriented culture by rewarding performance on comprehensive 
goals, which include financial, strategic and operational goals; and
•Emphasize sustainable, long-term shareholder value creation through allocation of 
performance-oriented stock-based incentives.Overview of Executive Leadership Compensation       2    
 
 
 
 
b) Primary Pay Components of the Executives’ Compensation
 
In support of the above key objectives, the Company’s Executive pay program has been designed around 
three primary pay components: Base/Fixed Pay, Performance Bonus and Stock Incentives. These three 
components together constitute the “Total Rewards” of the Executive.
 
•Base/Fixed pay: The fixed cash component is guaranteed pay and paid periodically.
•Performance Bonus: Cash bonus is payable on the achievement of Key Performance Indicators 
as established by the NRC. The Company operates a non-contractual discretionary 
Performance Bonus Plan.
•Stock Incentives: Stock or Equity based incentives are a substantial part of the Total Rewards 
of Executives and are determined by the desired pay mix standards for that level. Stock 
incentives can be granted as part of Total Rewards or over and above, as decided by CEO and 
NRC from time to time. The stock incentives are governed by the “2015 Incentive 
Compensation Plan”, the “Expanded Stock Ownership Program 2019” or such other plans as 
may be approved by the shareholders from time to time. Equity grants are generally granted 
or vested based on achievement against Company and /or individual performance parameters, 
however some equity grants could be purely time based. NRC may approve a special or one-
time stock based incentives to be granted or vested on the achievement of extraordinary 
performance goals. One-time equity grants may also be issued to new hires in Executive roles, 
to meet specific compensation expectations, and these grants may be with special vesting 
conditions.
 
c) Executive Compensation Fitment and Benchmarking
 
Executive compensation at Infosys is generally aimed towards meeting the market median of total 
compensation benchmarked amongst the chosen peer group, adjusted as needed to reflect 
considerations for internal equity, consistency and overall affordability.
 
For Executives, compensation in the form of stock incentives and performance bonus together constitute 
about 65% to 90% of their total rewards. 
 
•Compensation Practices
 
The highlights of our current compensation practices for our Executives are as below:
 
•Use appropriate peer groups when establishing the total rewards benchmarks for a 
particular Executive role.Overview of Executive Leadership Compensation       3    
•Align Executive pay with shareholder value through performance-based stock 
incentives.
•Retain Executives through multi-year vesting of stock incentives.
 
d) Pay for Performance
 
Consistent with the Company’s Executive Compensation philosophy, a significant portion of Executives’ 
pay is performance-based and ‘at-risk’.
  
i.Performance Bonus
 
The Executive’s performance bonus is linked to the achievement of Company goals like revenue growth, 
operating margin along with components of individual goals as applicable, linked to the Company’s 
business targets. The goals and the final payout rates are reviewed and approved by the NRC.
 
ii.Stock Incentives
 
All Stock or Equity based incentives are generally granted or vested based on achievement against 
Company and/or individual performance parameters. Stock incentives may not be granted if the 
Company’s performance is below a specific threshold, as determined by the NRC from time to time. In 
case of Performance based equity grants, the numbers of shares that will vest is based on the Company’s 
and/or individuals’ achievement of certain performance parameters. 
 
 
e) Additional Executive Compensation Practices and Employment Agreements
 
In addition to the primary pay components, the Company provides competitive health and wellness 
benefits and perquisites. These benefits are designed to protect the financial, physical and emotional well-
being of employees and allow them to plan for their own retirement. In general, these benefits do not 
constitute a significant portion of Executive compensation.
 
NRC aims to ensure that the Company’s interests are protected through appropriate executive obligations 
including non-disclosure, non-compete and non-solicitation agreements. Further, the Company has 
adopted a recoupment policy under which any incentive compensation paid or payable to Executives 
(including any bonus pay and equity awards) will be subject to forfeiture, cancellation, recoupment or 
clawback in accordance with the applicable laws, government regulations and stock exchange 
requirements.
 
With respect to the employment agreement with our Executive Director, the current agreement of Mr. 
Salil Parekh can be accessed at https://www.infosys.com/investors/reports-filings/documents/ceo-
executive-employment-agreement2022.pdf 
 
The details of compensation for the Executives for the relative fiscal year is available in the Annual Report.Exhibit 8.1 List of Subsidiaries
Holding as of
Country March 31, 2023March 31, 
2022
Infosys Technologies (China) Co. Limited (Infosys China)(1)China 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Technologies S. de R. L. de C. V. (Infosys Mexico)(1)Mexico 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Technologies (Sweden) AB (Infosys Sweden)(1)Sweden 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Technologies (Shanghai) Company Limited (Infosys Shanghai)(1)China 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Nova Holdings LLC. (Infosys Nova)(1)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
EdgeVerve Systems Limited (EdgeVerve)(1)India 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Austria GmbH(1)Austria 100.00 % 100.00 %
Skava Systems Private Limited  (Skava Systems)(1)(26)India 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Chile SpA(1)Chile 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Arabia Limited(2)(26)Saudi Arabia 70.00 % 70.00 %
Infosys Consulting Ltda.(1)Brazil 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Luxembourg S.a.r.l(1)Luxembourg 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Americas Inc. (Infosys Americas)(1)(26)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Public Services, Inc. USA (Infosys Public Services)(1)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Canada Public Services Inc(19)(35)Canada — —
Infosys BPM Limited(1)(43)India 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys (Czech Republic) Limited s.r.o.(3)Czech Republic 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Poland Sp z.o.o(3)Poland 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys McCamish Systems LLC(3)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Portland Group Pty Ltd(3)Australia 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys BPO Americas LLC.(3)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting Holding AG (Infosys Lodestone)(1)Switzerland 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Management Consulting Pty Limited(4)Australia 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting AG(4)Switzerland 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting GmbH(4)Germany 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting S.R.L.(1)Romania 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting SAS(4)France 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting s.r.o. v likvidaci (formerly Infosys Consulting s.r.o.)(4)(34)Czech Republic — —
Infosys Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.(4)(30)China — —
Infy Consulting Company Ltd(4)U.K. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infy Consulting B.V.(4)The Netherlands 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting S.R.L.(45)Argentina 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Consulting (Belgium) NV(4)Belgium 100.00 % 100.00 %
Panaya Inc. (Panaya)(1)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Panaya Ltd.(6)Israel 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Financial Services GmbH. (formerly Panaya GmbH)(54)Germany 100.00 % 100.00 %
Brilliant Basics Holdings Limited (Brilliant Basics)(1)(26)U.K. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Brilliant Basics Limited(7)(26)U.K. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.)(1)Singapore 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Middle East FZ LLC(8)Dubai 100.00 % 100.00 %
Fluido Oy(8)Finland 100.00 % 100.00 %
Fluido Sweden AB (Extero)(11)Sweden 100.00 % 100.00 %
Fluido Norway A/S(11)Norway 100.00 % 100.00 %
Fluido Denmark A/S(11)Denmark 100.00 % 100.00 %
Fluido Slovakia s.r.o(11)Slovakia 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Compaz Pte. Ltd(9)Singapore 60.00 % 60.00 %
Infosys South Africa (Pty) Ltd(8)South Africa 100.00 % 100.00 %
WongDoody Holding Company Inc. (WongDoody)(1)(36)U.S. — —
WDW Communications, Inc(10)(37)U.S. — —
WongDoody, Inc(10)(38)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
HIPUS Co., Ltd(9)Japan 81.00 % 81.00 %
Stater N.V.(9)The Netherlands 75.00 % 75.00 %
Stater Nederland B.V.(12)The Netherlands 75.00 % 75.00 %
Stater XXL B.V.(12)The Netherlands 75.00 % 75.00 %
HypoCasso B.V.(12)The Netherlands 75.00 % 75.00 %
Stater Participations B.V.(12)The Netherlands 75.00 % 75.00 %
Stater Belgium N.V./S.A.(13)Belgium 75.00 % 75.00 %
Stater Gmbh(12)(28)Germany 75.00 % 75.00 %
Outbox systems Inc. dba Simplus (US)(15)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Simplus North America Inc.(16)(27)Canada — —Simplus ANZ Pty Ltd.(16)Australia 100.00 % 100.00 %
Simplus Australia Pty Ltd(17)Australia 100.00 % 100.00 %
Sqware Peg Digital Pty Ltd(18)(31)Australia — —
Simplus Philippines, Inc.(16)Philippines 100.00 % 100.00 %
Simplus Europe, Ltd.(16)(29)U.K. — —
Infosys Fluido UK, Ltd. (formerly Simplus U.K., Ltd)(11)U.K. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Fluido Ireland, Ltd.(formerly Simplus Ireland, Ltd)(20)Ireland 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Limited Bulgaria EOOD(1)Bulgaria 100.00 % 100.00 %
Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc.(15)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Kaleidoscope Prototyping LLC(22)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
GuideVision s.r.o.(14)Czech Republic 100.00 % 100.00 %
GuideVision Deutschland GmbH(21)Germany 100.00 % 100.00 %
GuideVision Suomi Oy(21)Finland 100.00 % 100.00 %
GuideVision Magyarország Kft(21)Hungary 100.00 % 100.00 %
GuideVision Polska Sp. z.o.o(21)Poland 100.00 % 100.00 %
GuideVision UK Ltd(21)(26)U.K. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Blue Acorn iCi Inc (formerly Beringer Commerce Inc)(15)U.S. 100.00 % 100.00 %
Beringer Capital Digital Group Inc(15)(41)U.S. — —
Mediotype LLC(23)(41)U.S. — —
Beringer Commerce Holdings LLC(23)(41)U.S. — —
SureSource LLC(24)(39)U.S. — —
Blue Acorn LLC(24)(39)U.S. — —
Simply Commerce LLC(24)(39)U.S. — —
iCi DIGITAL LLC(25)(40)U.S. — —
Infosys BPM UK Limited(3)U.K. 100.00 % —
Infosys Turkey Bilgi Teknolojileri Limited Sirketi(1)Turkey 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Germany Holding Gmbh(1)Germany 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Automotive and Mobility GmbH & Co. KG(1)Germany 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Green Forum(1)(32)India 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. (formerly Global Enterprise International 
(Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.)(33) Malaysia 100.00 % 100.00 %
Infosys Business Solutions LLC(1)(42)Qatar 100.00 % —
Infosys Germany GmbH (formerly Kristall 247. GmbH (“Kristall”))(44)Germany 100.00 % —
oddity GmbH (46)Germany 100.00 % —
oddity (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (47)China 100.00 % —
oddity Limited (Taipei) (47)Taiwan 100.00 % —
oddity space GmbH (46)Germany 100.00 % —
oddity jungle GmbH  (46)Germany 100.00 % —
oddity code GmbH (46)Germany 100.00 % —
oddity code d.o.o (48)Serbia 100.00 % —
oddity waves GmbH (46)Germany 100.00 % —
oddity group services GmbH (46)Germany 100.00 % —
Infosys Public Services Canada Inc. (19)(5)Canada 100.00 % —
BASE life science AG (50)Switzerland 100.00 % —
BASE life science GmbH (50)Germany 100.00 % —
BASE life science A/S (49)Denmark 100.00 % —
BASE life science S.A.S (50)France 100.00 % —
BASE life science Ltd. (50)U.K. 100.00 % —
BASE life science S.r.l. (50)Italy 100.00 % —
Innovisor Inc.(50)U.S. 100.00 % —
BASE life science Inc.(50)U.S. 100.00 % —
BASE life science S.L.(50)(51)Spain 100.00 % —
Panaya Germany GmbH (6)(52)Germany 100.00 % —
Infosys Norway (8)(53)Norway 100.00 % —
(1)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited
(2)Majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Limited
(3)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys BPM Limited
(4)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Consulting Holding AG
(5)Incorporated on July 8, 2022
(6)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Panaya Inc.
(7)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Brilliant Basics Holding Limited.(8)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.)
(9)Majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.)
(10)Wholly-owned subsidiary of WongDoody Holding Company Inc. (WongDoody)
(11)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Fluido Oy
(12)Wholly-owned subsidiary of  Stater N.V
(13)Majority owned and controlled subsidiary of  Stater Participations B.V.
(14)Wholly-owned subsidiary of  Infy Consulting Company Limited
(15)Wholly-owned subsidiary of  Infosys Nova Holdings LLC
(16)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Outbox Systems Inc.
(17)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Simplus ANZ Pty Ltd 
(18)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Simplus Australia Pty Ltd
(19)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Public Services, Inc.
(20)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Fluido UK, Ltd. (formerly Simplus U.K., Ltd)
(21)Wholly-owned subsidiary of GuideVision s.r.o.
(22)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Kaleidoscope Animations, Inc. 
(23)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Blue Acorn iCi Inc
(24)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Beringer Commerce Holdings LLC
(25)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Beringer Capital Digital Group Inc.
(26)Under liquidation
(27)Liquidated effective April 27,2021
(28)Incorporated on August 4, 2021
(29)Liquidated effective July 20, 2021
(30)Liquidated effective September 1, 2021
(31)Liquidated effective September 2, 2021
(32)Incorporated on August 31, 2021
(33)On December 14, 2021, Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Infosys Limited acquired 100% of voting interests in Infosys (Malaysia) SDN. BHD. (formerly 
Global Enterprise International (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.)
(34)Liquidated effective December 16, 2021
(35)Liquidated effective November 23, 2021
(36)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, merged with WongDoody Inc, effective December 31, 2021
(37)Wholly-owned subsidiary of WongDoody Holding Company Inc. (WongDoody), merged with WongDoody Inc, 
effective December 31, 2021
(38)Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Limited, effective December 31, 2021
(39)Merged with Beringer Commerce Holdings LLC, effective January 1, 2022
(40)Merged with Beringer Capital Digital Group Inc, effective January 1, 2022
(41)Merged with Blue Acorn iCi Inc, effective January 1, 2022
(42)Incorporated on February 20, 2022
(43)On March 17, 2022, Infosys Limited acquired non-controlling interest of 0.01% of the voting interests in Infosys 
BPM Limited.
(44)On March 22, 2022, Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Infosys Limited acquired 100% of voting interests in Infosys Germany GmbH (formerly Kristall 
247. GmbH (“Kristall”) ).
(45)Infosys Consulting S.R.L. (Argentina) (formerly a Wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys Consulting Holding AG) 
became the majority owned and controlled subsidiary of Infosys Limited with effect from April 1, 2022
(46)On April 20, 2022, Infosys Germany GmbH (formerly Kristall 247. GmbH (“Kristall”)) (a wholly owned 
subsidiary of Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.)) acquired 100% of voting 
interests in oddity space GmbH, oddity jungle GmbH, oddity waves GmbH, oddity group services GmbH, oddity 
code GmbH and oddity GmbH.
(47)Wholly-owned subsidiary of oddity GmbH
(48)Wholly-owned subsidiary of oddity code GmbH.
(49)On September 1, 2022, Infosys Singapore Pte. Ltd. (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.) (a Wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Infosys Limited) acquired 100% of voting interests in BASE life science A/S.
(50)Wholly-owned subsidiary of BASE life science A/S
(51)Incorporated on September 6, 2022
(52)Incorporated effective December 15, 2022(53)Incorporated effective February 7, 2023.
(54)Infosys Financial Services GmbH. (formerly Panaya GmbH) became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Infosys 
Singapore Pte. Ltd (formerly Infosys Consulting Pte. Ltd.) with effect from February 23, 2023.Exhibit 12.1
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Salil Parekh, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 20-F of Infosys Limited;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to 
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which 
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, 
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the 
company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The company's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure 
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal 
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the 
company and have:
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and 
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to 
the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those 
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over 
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the company's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in 
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of 
the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the company's internal control over financial reporting that 
occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is 
reasonably likely to materially affect, the company's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The company's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of 
internal control over financial reporting, to the company's auditors and the audit committee of the 
company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control 
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company's ability to 
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a 
significant role in the company's internal control over financial reporting.
 /s/ Salil Parekh
  
Date: June 15, 2023Salil Parekh 
Chief Executive Officer and Managing 
DirectorExhibit 12.2
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Nilanjan Roy, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 20-F of Infosys Limited;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to 
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which 
such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, 
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the 
company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The company's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure 
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal 
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the 
company and have:
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and 
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to 
the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those 
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over 
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external 
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the company's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in 
this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of 
the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the company's internal control over financial reporting that 
occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is 
reasonably likely to materially affect, the company's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The company's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation 
of internal control over financial reporting, to the company's auditors and the audit committee of the 
company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control 
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company's ability to 
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a 
significant role in the company's internal control over financial reporting.
 /s/ NILANJAN ROY
 
Date: June 15, 2023Nilanjan Roy
Chief Financial OfficerExhibit 13.1
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Salil Parekh, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 20-F of Infosys Limited for the year ended 
March 31, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 20-F fairly 
presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Infosys Limited.
 /s/ Salil Parekh
  
Salil Parekh
Date: June 15, 2023 Chief Executive Officer and Managing DirectorExhibit 13.2
CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002
I, Nilanjan Roy, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 20-F of Infosys Limited for the year ended 
March 31, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended, and that information contained in such Annual Report on Form 20-F fairly 
presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Infosys Limited.
 /s/ NILANJAN ROY
 
Nilanjan Roy
Date: June 15, 2023 Chief Financial OfficerExhibit 15.9
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement No. 333-212767 and 
Registration Statement No. 333-236753 on Form S-8 of our reports dated June 15, 2023 relating to the 
financial statements of Infosys Limited and the effectiveness of Infosys Limited's internal control over 
financial reporting appearing in the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended March 31, 2023.
/s/Deloitte Haskins & Sells LLP
Bengaluru, India
June 15, 2023Amended and effective April 13, 2023
Exhibit 15.10
POLICY FOR DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
OF
INFOSYS LIMITED
This policy applies to the distribution of dividend by Infosys Limited (the “Company”) in accordance with the 
provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 (“Act”) and the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (Listing Regulations).
Definitions
The terms referred to in the policy will have the same meaning as defined under the Act and the Rules made 
thereunder, and the Listing Regulations.
Background
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, as amended, mandated formulation of Dividend Distribution Policy for the Company. Such policy 
shall be disclosed in the annual report and on the website of the Company.
This policy sets out the parameters and circumstances that will be taken into account by the Board of 
Directors of the Company in determining the distribution of dividend to its shareholders and/or retaining 
profits earned by the Company.
The Board of Directors may in extraordinary circumstances, deviate from the parameters listed in this 
policy.
a. The circumstances under which the shareholders may or may not expect 
dividend;
The Company shall comply with the relevant statutory requirements that are applicable to the 
Company in declaring dividend or retained earnings. Generally, the Board shall determine the 
dividend for a particular period after taking into consideration the financial performance of the 
Company, the advice of executive management, and other parameters described in this policy.
b. The financial /internal parameters that shall be considered while declaring 
dividend;
The Board of Directors of the Company shall consider the following financial parameters while 
declaring dividend or recommending dividend to shareholders:
• Capital allocation plans including:
o Expected cash requirements of the Company towards working capital, capital 
expenditure in technology and Infrastructure etc.;
o Investments required towards execution of the Company’s strategy;
o Funds required for any acquisitions that the Board of Directors may approve; and
o Any share buy-back plans.
• Minimum cash required for contingencies or unforeseen events;
• Funds required to service any outstanding loans;
• Liquidity and return ratios;Amended and effective April 13, 2023
• Any other significant developments that require cash investments.
c. External factors that shall be considered for declaration of dividend;
The Board of Directors of the Company shall consider the following external parameters while 
declaring dividend or recommending dividend to shareholders:
• Any significant changes in macro-economic environment affecting India or the geographies 
in which the Company operates, or the business of the Company or its clients;
• Any political, tax and regulatory changes in the geographies in which the Company 
operates;
• Any significant change in the business or technological environment resulting in the 
Company making significant investments to effect the necessary changes to its business 
model;
• Any changes in the competitive environment requiring significant investment.
d. Policy as to how the retained earnings shall be utilized.
The consolidated profits earned by the Company can either be retained in the business and used 
for various purposes as outlined in clause (b) above or it can be distributed to the shareholders.
e. Provisions in regard to various classes of shares.
The provisions contained in this policy shall apply to all classes of Shares of the Company. It may 
be noted that currently the Company has only one class of shares, namely, Equity Shares.
Review
This policy will be reviewed and amended as and when required by the Board.
Disclosure of the policy
This policy will be uploaded on the website of the Company. The Company also announces from time to 
time its capital allocation policy which is available at www.infosys.com
Limitation and Amendment
In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this policy and of the Act or Listing Regulations or any 
other statutory enactments, rules, the provisions of such Act or Listing Regulations or statutory enactments, 
rules shall prevail over this policy. Any subsequent amendment / modification in the Listing Regulations, 
Act and/or applicable laws in this regard shall automatically apply to this policy.